#labels Featured
=A version by version list of changes made to the script=


==Revision 1456 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: small fix/upgrade to get fix fetching the info box text

==Revision 1455 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed link on guild store items page
  # (minor) FS: Fixed it so you do not need helper menu enabled to have quick links enabled

==Revision 1454 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New Map) Implemented do-not-kill list
  # (minor) FS: (Old UI) Changed helper menu and quick links to look the same on both old and new UI

==Revision 1453 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed code so that you can see scout tower data on the titan log page
  # (minor) FS: (New UI - New Map) Enabled the combat evaluator to the creature dialog on the world screen

==Revision 1452 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Changed quick links so it always shows open and can be moved around the screen. You can also change where it shows up by default on the preferences page.
  # (minor) FS: Added an option to disable the helper menu and quick links moving as you scroll down the page (default enabled).

==Revision 1451 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Modified how quick links show on the screen so they do not get in the way of other text for the new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed bounty widgets for new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed allies/enemies list for new UI (although you should use the HCS version for allies list until they add enemies to it also)

==Revision 1450 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Removed helper code for relic list mouseover as HCS version now works.
  # (minor) FS: Removed helper code for guild info list to only has message icon for self as HCS version works.
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed footprints for new UI (old map)
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Enhanced Helper Menu so it now follows you down the page if you scroll down.
  # (minor) FS: (New UI - FF3.6) added fix where helper with new UI would sometimes not load (still looking into this one, this is a temp fix)

==Revision 1449 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI - chrome) Fix for double move on keypress on new UI (old map).

==Revision 1448 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI - chrome) Fixed menu item sizes for Chrome on new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed move FS box, move guild info and move online allies boxes for new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed widgets for online allies for new UI
  # (minor) FS: (Chrome) Fixed quick extract for Chrome

==Revision 1447 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed quick buff detection of self on new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed arena widgets on new UI

==Revision 1446 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed find buffs/other for new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed bug in critter evaluator for new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New Map) Added code to not interfere with repair or action refresh from help

==Revision 1445 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed quick kill for new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed auto walk also for new UI?

==Revision 1444 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed issue where RHS sidebar sometimes showed gibberish
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Tweaked quick buff so the buffs don't appear to jump down as data comes in
  # (minor) FS: Changed links for bound items so it auto searches AH without confirmation
  # (minor) FS: Changed links for container items asks if you want to search the AH (if not it allows you to open the container)

==Revision 1443 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed quick buff size from guild info and allies links on new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed quick buff sustain and fury caster widgets on new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed guild inventory to pick up report page
  # (minor) FS: Added Severe Condition and Nightmare Visage default buff levels to quick buff screen

==Revision 1442 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed creature evaluator for new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed do not kill list coloring on world screen for new UI. However quick kill still broken (working on it).

==Revision 1441 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed sound notification on log message for new UI
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed guild info widgets for new UI

==Revision 1440 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed world screen widgets from changes made in r1433 and fixed UFSG realmId link for new UI.

==Revision 1439 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Updated menu helper links for new UI.
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Quick and dirty fix for the quick links for new UI.
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed max stamina time calculator for new UI.
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed bug with new guild log for new UI.
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked helper menu layout slightly.

==Revision 1438 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Minor fix to logic on the UFSG from the changes made in r1436 to make it work again

==Revision 1437 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Minor tweak to info screen for auto updater so it shows what updates and in what version
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed ignore and log links in FS box for new interface
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed double page arrows in AH with new interface
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed group screen (join all groups < x, fetch group stats), also fixed join all groups notification for new interface
  # (minor) FS: (New UI) Fixed temple notification for new interface

==Revision 1436 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed auto updater (crude but it works) - you need this version before it will start working again though

==Revision 1433 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: (NewUI) - Fixed features which use the notepad page (new guild log, inventory manager, etc).
  # (minor) FS: (NewUI) - Fixed widgets not showing up on the world screen (still need to fix ufsg link - waiting for HCS input)
  # (minor) FS: (NewUI) - Fixed FSH helper menu (top left) to access all the helper features

==Revision 1432 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Chrome - Fixed the recipe manager.
  # (minor) FS: Removed the line blocking the helper from the alpha site. Use at your own risk. Nothing has been tested to any great extent and all features on the world screen no longer work.

==Revision 1431 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the sum item stats functionality to make it easier to read and easier to compare item totals (not counting set bonuses).

==Revision 1430 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed logic to position "Ask for buffs" button in bio. Note you will need to change your tag from {cmd} to [cmd] to make it work right. issue 1194
  # (minor) FS: Added logic to fix the quick buff links while in hunting mode.
  # (minor) FS: Added ignore link to FSBox. issue 1197
  # (minor) FS: Added logic to process Sanctuary buff for Armor while fetching stats for relics. issue 1203
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a couple of minor buffs regarding fetching group stats for relics.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed arena filters for matches over level 1000.
  # (minor) FS: Updated relic list for mouseover. Hopefully HCS can implement this though and we can remove it from the helper. issue 1186
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a bug with findbuffs that would cause players older than 5 mins to show up. Also tried to make tooltip easier to read.

==Revision 1429 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Looks like keyboard fix for FF broke the Chrome version so I put logic in to make Chrome work again.

==Revision 1428 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed to Move FSBox to LHS logic which failed if the news post or a profile post had the text 'FSBox' in bold in it.

==Revision 1427 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Attempt to fix the keyboard issue in FF4+. Hopefully someone can test this and see if after this change the keyboard commands stop working and require a FF restart.

==Revision 1426 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fix mini map to show POIs (points of interest).

==Revision 1425 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Backed out changes regarding loading images as many people were experiencing issues. Will do some more testing and add this back in later.

==Revision 1424 (TT)==
  # (major) FS: Based on a suggestion from from LawDog26, changed the logic behind the scenes to not load images for some background tasks. Please notify Tangtop if you see a FSH function not working as expected. Some things should run faster after this fix.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed FSBox log link position and removed the Report Msg link from the log.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed wiki link for quests. issue 1193
  # (minor) FS: Fixed mini map after HCS titan map fix.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed guild inventory issue if there is a special offer with potion.

==Revision 1423 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the FSH guild inventory list so it will now fetch the guild inventory list. It is faster now too.

==Revision 1422 (TT)==
  # (MAJOR) FS: Fixed performance issue with guild list caching (identified by LawDog26). Without this update, your FSH will run slower and cause more server hits. Strongly recommended update. Also optimized the code so it is now faster.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the stamina cost for Fist Fight (was 35, now 30).

==Revision 1421 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issues on profile manage backpack and guild store manage backpack after the new guild store was added by HCS. Check all should now work for example.
  # (minor) FS: Added link on drop items pages to link directly to the UFSG page for that item.

==Revision 1420 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Removed quick take/wear code from guild manage screen as new guild store has this functionality now.
  # (minor) FS: Enhanced link from world screen to the realm on UFSG so it goes directly to the map.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug on the quest book pages that fetches the next step of quest data so it shows up correctly now.
  # (minor) FS: Removed some unused code on the guild manage page that blocked the page jump down to the guild store.

==Revision 1419 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quest book next steps functionality to pull data from the UFSG. Added option to disable this functionality.

==Revision 1417 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick buff logic to deal with new info in mouseover for potions that cannot be removed by spell leech or spell breaker.

==Revision 1416 (dkw)==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Take All in Mailbox page.

==Revision 1415 (dkw)==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed some bugs in personal log page.

==Revision 1414 (dkw)==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed personal log and squad pages broken after HCS updates.

==Revision 1413 (dkw)==
  # (minor) SS2: Removed the shortkey to kill HK to prevent an accidental hit. Thanks Joosy.

==Revision 1412 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS and SS2: Fixed issue with quick wear/take (and other guild manage screen widgets) in FF5.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed an issue with some images not being pulled from the cachefly site (e.g. bulk sell list for newer potions). Should also be faster.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed mini map in chrome ('n' to bring it up, 'N' to move after path is set).
  # (minor) FS: Removed links to www.fallenswordguide.com as they are no longer needed.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quest book sort store functionality in chrome.

==Revision 1411 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS and SS2: Fixed issue with quick wear/drink (and other profile screen widgets) in FF5.

==Revision 1410 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS and SS2: Fixed code to work with FF5.

==Revision 1409 (dkw)==
  # (minor) FS: Added Inventory Manager Counter filtered by AH Quick Search (issue 1109), accessed from Quick Wear Manager, 2nd tab (shortcut 'v'). A feature of auto-checking AH price will be added later.

==Revision 1408 (dkw)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed tooltip in Check for Best Damage screen.

==Revision 1407 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the logic that calculates the total cost of a marketplace listing. Previously it did not take the amount you were selling into account when adding on the cost of the request fee. 

==Revision 1406 (yuuz)==
  # (minor) FS: Added quick drop links to the Inventory Manager (not guild).  Enable Show Quick Drop links to see.

==Revision 1405 (dkw)==
  # (Major) FS: Added master map creator tool for your own preference of level. TRY IT OUT from Character -> Create Maps. Algorithm ported from SS2 with some rewritten interface. 
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug in character level retrieval.

==Revision 1403 (yuuz)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Select all Thistles, and added Beetlejuice and mortar and pestle.
  # (minor) FS: Added a "bid on all" button that will trigger all the bid no refresh buttons on AH page.  Confirmed OK with Hoof.
  # (minor) FS: Added a quick buff link on find player page.

==Revision 1403 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed message link on report page.

==Revision 1401 (dkw)==
  # (minor) FS: Ported Quest Helper from SS2. Next stages of each quest are retrieved from the Ultimate Guide and displayed at the end of the quest details.

==Revision 1400 (yuuz)==
  # (minor) FS: Added Check All button on the guild tag screen
  # (minor) FS: Fixed false coloring of log for similar names

==Revision 1399 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Relic calc - stats for cloaked players now default to level `*` 10 rather than a flat 5000 to be more realistic (e.g. assume 1k player has 10k att/def/arm/dam).

==Revision 1398 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Empower to level functionality updated to use jquery.
  # (minor) FS: Fix to new guild log as it sometimes missed updating the first message in the log.
  # (minor) FS: Fix to the quick buff screen to properly format buffs on the target player.

==Revision 1397 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Updated relic calculator to use jquery. It should work on Chrome now and be faster.

==Revision 1396 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Quick buff extras now work for Chrome.
  # (minor) FS: Kill Streak indicator on world screen fixed for Chrome.

==Revision 1395 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Find Buff and Find Other now work for Chrome. This functionality should be faster now also for FF.

==Revision 1394 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed mouse over of items in the shops for quick buy.

==Revision 1393 (dkw)==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed buff button in datasheet.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug where ally/enemy list not displayed. 

==Revision 1392 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Updated find player logic to work for Chrome. Should be faster for FF too.

==Revision 1391 (dkw)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed guild log triple display bug.

==Revision 1389 (dkw)==
  # (minor) SS2: Do you have too many skill power while you hunt? Want to cast your class skills on some random online players for fun? Use the newly added "Get random online players" in the buff dialog.
  # (minor) SS2: Added toggle all class buffs, core buffs in buff dialog.

==Revision 1387 (dkw)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed new guild log bug.

==Revision 1386 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Added another potential fix for issue with New Guild Log that prevented the log from finishing loading. Logging added too if there is still an issue.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed moving the allies and guild info side bars so they moved like they previously did (up not to the LHS).

==Revision 1385 (dkw)==
  # (minor) SS2: Added some fixes for GM_functions.
  # (minor) SS2: Removed SS2H faction chat (please use the in-game feature).
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug prevent using inventory in hunting mode.
  # (minor) SS2: Changed autoupdate to only use the main javascript file revision instead of the whole repository (ported).
  # (minor) SS2: Updated auto update to use jquery dialog functions (i.e. make it work better) (ported). 
  # (minor) SS2: Changed some texts from "guild" to "faction".
  # (minor) SS2: Added some fixes for FF4 (do NOT use FF4 yet please).
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in faction log coloring.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in parsing inventory when special offer with rewards is on.
  # (minor) SS2: Changed to show current buffs in the buff dialog in hunting mode.

==Revision 1384 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with New Guild Log that prevented the log from finishing loading.

==Revision 1383 (JS)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed location of AH Quick Search, into the Trade Section from the PVP section of the menu bar.

==Revision 1382 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Excluded alpha.fallensword.com from FSH to prevent false bug reports.

==Revision 1380 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Updated some layout functions to jQuery.
  # (minor) FS: Gave FSH its own setting tab in preference screen.

==Revision 1379 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Updated bulk sell so it now works with Chrome browser.

==Revision 1378 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Another attempt at fixing guild inventory issue.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bulk sell when selling from all bags (FF only atm).

==Revision 1375 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed menu ordering bug.

==Revision 1375 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for both inventory managers where craft and forge might not be correct.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed relic empower to level functionality.

==Revision 1373 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: New guild log should work in Chrome now.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug in helper if FS box is moved to the LHS.

==Revision 1372 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with both inventory managers where correct data was not being fetched in some cases.

==Revision 1371 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to recent inventory updates to populate the durability data correctly.

==Revision 1370 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Updated the guild inventory manager to use jquery so it is now faster. Also, it works for chrome.

==Revision 1369 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Updated the personal inventory manager to use jquery so it is now faster. Also, it works for chrome.

==Revision 1368 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the reply button in log screen.
  # (minor) FS: Upgraded most of the layout functions to jquery.  Should see a slight speed increase.

==Revision 1366 (dkw)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed errors in quick buff screen (Added another version of jquery on pages if jquery is not loaded).

==Revision 1365 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor error on world transition screens.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed item name coloring on profile>manage screen.

==Revision 1364 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Chrome fix for existing secure trade checker on AH and trade screens.
  # (minor) FS: FF fix for existing secure trade checker on AH create auction screen.
  # (minor) FS: Fix for ensp bug on trade and ST pages.

==Revision 1363 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Chrome fix for coloring of crafting on AH page.

==Revision 1362 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to relic calculator to correct % decrease in stats per relic held by guild.

==Revision 1361 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to world screen if you have reinforce enabled (imp counter and buff checker didn't show up).
  # (minor) FS: Code clean up for previous fix for consistency.

==Revision 1359 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed to work with new Tip version

==Revision 1355 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to view guild page so that all pvp and gvg targets are colored correctly.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed error on preferences page so you could not see the GVG highlight checkbox setting correctly.

==Revision 1354 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: A tweak to the auto update dialog. Hopefully it should close properly after this patch.

==Revision 1353 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue where recipies in inventory could break quick wear/drink and quick extract. issue 1143

==Revision 1352 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: More code cleanup for timeout on GM_functions.
  # (minor) FS: Fix for bug on edit bio screen due to change in HCS's change to onkeypress functionality.

==Revision 1350 (dkw)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed GM_functions error when called from jquery.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed order of including gmApi and System.

==Revision 1349 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS:  Updated auto update to use jquery dialog functions (i.e. make it work better).

==Revision 1347 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS:  Fixed dialog not closing after auto update.

==Revision 1346 (JES)==
  # (minor) FS:  Fixed minor issue with last update

==Revision 1345 (JES)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issues with new Map code breaking parts of the FSH.  Still not 100% functional with new interface. Getting Close.

==Revision 1344 (TT)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick kill not working correct with latest HCS sneaky code change.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed error with GM_setValue.

==Revision 1343 (dkw)==
  # (MAJOR) FS: Combined FSH into one single js file.
  # (MAJOR) FS: FSH can be installed on Chrome using the same js file. Note that many features are not functioning in Chrome for now.

==Revision 1338 (jes)==
  # (minor) FS: Prepping for catching of new map

==Revision 1330 (jes)==
  # (minor) FS: Code maintenance

==Revision 1329 (dkw)==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed to make SS2Helper compatible with Firefox 4.0. Some errors in display are expected, please PM dkw in SS2 about these errors.

==Revision 1328 (dkw)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed to make FSH compatible with recently released Firefox 4.0.

==Revision 1325 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to quick buff screen from previous patch changes.

==Revision 1322 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Code maintenance - start of removing usage of findNode.

==Revision 1320 (Coccinella)==
  # (minor) FS: Changed autoupdate to only use the main javascript file revision instead of the whole repository.

==Revision 1319 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick buff buff detect logic where it would detect Deflect instead of Anti Deflect as previous fix did not completely work.

==Revision 1300 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed level sorting in the arena.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick buff buff detect logic where it would detect Deflect instead of Anti Deflect.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed skill data nicknames based on suggestions from forum post.

==Revision 1293 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the count of defenders at the relic (prevented double counting defender stats).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the fsh additions to the guild>manage screen (pvp/gvg target coloring and online ball widgets).

==Revision 1292 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed mouseover issue with check items and also fixed issue when using this function when over level 1000.

==Revision 1288 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Updated summary of PvP attacks in logs(issue 1123)
  # (minor) FS: Added date stamp to buff log (issue 813)
  # (minor) FS: Added a Tick all option in the Block Buffs section (issue 1099)
  # (minor) FS: Updated how helper checks for plants on quick pick, faster now
  # (minor) FS: added ability to not quick select items in STs
  # (minor) FS: limited the ST window to selecting 100 items (HCS limitation)

==Revision 1285 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Active bounties.
  # (minor) FS: Minor Tooltip stat subtotal optimization

==Revision 1283 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed fetch relic stats.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed view recipe widgets.

==Revision 1282 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Added data for new skills so they show up on tool tips, stamina calculators, etc.

==Revision 1278 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed item stat subtotal (thanks JT!)

==Revision 1277 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed (guild) inventory manager again after minor HCS change.

==Revision 1275 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: fixed Chime on world

==Revision 1274 (jesiegel)==
  # (minor) FS: Missed one spot, corrected it.

==Revision 1273 (jesiegel)==
  # (minor) FS: Adjusted groups slightly

==Revision 1272 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed (guild) inventory manager.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed fetch group stats.

==Revision 1270 (yuuzhan)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick kill parsing for drops

==Revision 1268 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: More minor mouseover fixes.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed list item and bulk sell mouseovers.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed ST item checker.

==Revision 1267 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed find player gold/pvp rating/pvp protection data fetch for this screen.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Max stam time and Next level mouseover html tags and matched HCS color scheme.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bulk extract.

==Revision 1266 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed error in recipe manager where mouseover for components/items was not working right.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed hiding the guild log notification when using the new guild log.

==Revision 1265 (dkwizard)==
  # (minor) FS: Removed old redundant injectMessageTemplate and related functions.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed AH-search clickable items.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed tooltip in recipe manager, relic list, wanted list, 
  # (minor) FS: Fixed creature preview in world screen (partially, need to mouseover twice).

==Revision 1262 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fixed a bunch of mouseovers.
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fixed recipe manager (mostly).

==Revision 1261 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fix bulk sell (again).
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fix to profile quick wear and quick drink (I hope).

==Revision 1260 (jesiegel and dkwizard)==
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fixed error in dropitem screen.
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fixed error when refresh inventory pages (still need fix in getting items type).

==Revision 1258 (jesiegel)==
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fixed error with join all groups.

==Revision 1257 (jesiegel)==
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fixed join all groups.

==Revision 1256 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fixed quick buff seeing buffs on target.
  # (minor) FS: Mouseover fix - fixed ranking on guild>rank page.

==Revision 1255 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a bug with the mouseover on the AH screen. Please post mouseover issues in the forum.

==Revision 1254 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: More mouseover fixes. All the easy fixes are done. Please post in forums for stuff that does not work.

==Revision 1253 (Tangtop)==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for new mouseovers in progress. This is a short term fix to get people up and running. Will continue when I have more time.

==Revision 1252==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the Wanted bounty list so that now it searches all pages of the bounty board.

==Revision 1251==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed the TH display cause by the new Ultimate Offer.

==Revision 1250==
  # (minor) FS: issue 1127. Fixed transpose of month and minute in combat log.
  # (minor) FS: Updated find buffs to use the new quick message dialog.

==Revision 1249==
  # (minor) FS: issue 1121. Added logic to the recipe manager to skip any folder with "quest" in the folder name.

==Revision 1248==
  # (minor) FS: Minor update to the new guild log. The logic for clearing out the log after a period of time was not working. Hopefully this should cause it to run faster.

==Revision 1247==
  # (Major) SS2: Added mission helper (retrieved from the Ultimate Guide) to the mission detail screen.

==Revision 1246==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with previous release if you had guild info chat disabled.

==Revision 1245==
  # (minor) FS: issue 542. Added 2 more hunting buffs sets and controls on the preferences screen to switch between the 3 sets.
  # (minor) FS: issue 1107. Added link to guild chat from guild info sidebar.
  # (minor) FS: Added button to turn FastWalk on and off from the world screen (defaults to now show button).
  # (minor) FS: Added preference to hide Helper Menu (defaults to show the menu).

==Revision 1244==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed max-energy estimator and skill bar number.
  # (minor) SS2: Added Helper Menu on the top left.
  # (minor) SS2: Ported view creature stats button in the Ultimate SS2 Guide.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in buff dialog from HCS when trying to buff different players without refresh the page.
  # (minor) SS2: Add the current player's buffs to the buff dialog.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in determining item class in TH.

==Revision 1243==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed some Helper Menu items not working in Hunting Mode (some action require page reload are still not work as intented).
  # (minor) FS: Added more items to Helper Menu.
  # (minor) FS: Added devs' contact to Helper Menu.

==Revision 1242==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed cursor for new Helper Menu (pointer and underlined links)
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue where conflicts were not showing up on the Guild>Manage page.

==Revision 1241==
  # (minor) FS: Added Helper Menu to the top left (click to show/hide the menu).
  # (minor) FS: Added jquery style for some of helper features, accessed from the new Helper Menu. Note that some features are not available in hunting mode (but still shown).

==Revision 1240==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed scout tower widgets if you have scout tower 3 and some dead titans in the log.

==Revision 1239==
  # (minor) FS: Added counter to figure out if you have secured a titan kill or how many kills more are needed (and percentage).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed message for checking existing ST's.

==Revision 1237==
  # (minor) SS2: Temporary fixed for the error in energy calculator. Moving and shortcuts should be normal with helper enabled.

==Revision 1235==
  # (minor) FS: Added message template manager to the new pretty send-message dialog.
  # (minor) FS: Changed all Reply links in Character Log to the new dialog. 

==Revision 1234==
  # (MAJOR) DKWIZARD has mastered jquery ^_^ (helper is now compatible with jquery and its ui).
  # (minor) FS: Add message template back to send message dialog (the "Send Message" in profile or the "M" link in faction info)

==Revision 1233==
  # (minor) FS: Secure Trade check now also works on standard trade screen and AH screens (including bulk sell).

==Revision 1232==
  # (minor) FS: Items included in existing secure trades will now be indicated by red border.

==Revision 1231==
  # (minor) Workaround for GreaseMonkey 0.9.0 bug which doesn't allow for local scripts.

==Revision 1230==
  # (minor) SS2: Ported auto fill min bid price from FS, can be disabled in Config / General.
  # (minor) SS2: Added links to the Ultimate Guide on mission view screen and creature view screen.
  # (minor) SS2: Updated artifact locations.
  # (minor) SS2: Added abbreviation for buff.

==Revision 1229==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Auto-Walk on minimap.
  # (minor) FS: Added more room for quick-search in AH for the new pots in game.
  # (minor) FS: Added quick setup for moves in Setup Combat Moves screen, click on the green link (issue 1047).

==Revision 1228==
  # (Major) SS2: Improved Hunting Guide page (accessed from menu Character) with items to wear and mission items, blueprints.
  # (minor) SS2: Added link to hunting guide in world page to allow access when hunting mode is on.

==Revision 1226==
  # (Major) SS2: Introduced a hunting guide page (accessed from menu Character), with information on what/where to hunt, how to get there (up-to-date with The Ultimate Guide). Thinking of including a stripped-down mission guide (similar to wiki) for future version. Check back often :)

==Revision 1223==
  # (minor) Fixed jQuery support to use existing site jQuery to avoid conflicts.

==Revision 1222==
  # (minor) Reorganized scripts, added jQuery support.

==Revision 1221==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick take on add tags screen. issue 1096
  # (minor) FS: Added indicator to find player screen if pvp protection is enabled (red dot next to name).

==Revision 1220==
  # (minor) FS: Implemented fast walk in the helper. Turns out it wasn't that hard after all. Use at your own risk, can be disabled if needed.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed movement on the world map (it was broken it turned out), also enabled fast walk for movement on the world map also.

==Revision 1219==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to hide buff selected which in rare circumstances could cause helper to break.

==Revision 1218==
  # (minor) FS: Temporary fixed NaN on relic stats when someone use cloak. Assumption for stat: 5k for all, 200 for HP (issue 1087).

==Revision 1217==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed buff link to use the new interface, please use with care as the interface from HCS is not bug-free yet (target name not change when choose another buff target).

==Revision 1216==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to RP buff checker if you had SSI enabled.

==Revision 1215==
  # (minor) FS: Short term fix to ask for buffs functionality and quick message (from chat>reply) and enter sends message (old message version only). issue 1085

==Revision 1214==
  # (minor) FS: Minor changes to trade selectors.

==Revision 1212==
  # (minor) FS: Updated code and item list for checking all items in Secure Trades and Trades 

==Revision 1210==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to minor bug in r1209.

==Revision 1209==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed auto fill min bid price on AH to not exceed buyout price.

==Revision 1208==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed last activity not showing up on quick buff.
  # (minor) FS: Added red coloring to quick buff if the target has less than 10% stamina left (so as not to buff if they don't have the stamina to hunt).

==Revision 1207==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for quick buff where stats were not showing up.

==Revision 1206==
  # (minor) FS: Added another find option. Find Other. This allows you to search for any text in recently online player bios (e.g. chest, baron, triclopse, etc). issue 1082

==Revision 1205==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug where you could not cancel guild mass (if you had the text area enhancement turned on). issue 1080
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with find player looking for data after latest HCS patch
  # (minor) FS: Removed lookup of virtual level from PvP ladder page as it is already shown.

==Revision 1204==
  # (minor) FS: Added keyboard shortcut for stairs. Who would have known how easy it was. You can now use (s) to use stairs (if they exist). issue 935
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with temple notification that was causing quick buff enhancements not to work correctly. Thanks to boeffie for helping track it down.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with group widgets if no groups existed.

==Revision 1203==
  # (minor) FS, SS2: Improved search to give better result in find buff feature, added bio preview.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed FC price warning.

==Revision 1202==
  # (Major) SS2: New Feature! ported Find Buff functionality from FS, added to the action menu. Use this feature to search recently online players for the specific buff you need. Try it today! 

==Revision 1198==
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to find buffs to clear results, search another players profile for buffers. e.g. Add Tangtop to allies/enemies list and you can search my enemies list for buffers.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug when searching a player for buffs that had no allies/enemies.
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to check for active RP buffs before activating a RP pack (so you are less likely to activate it again).
  # (minor) FS: Added indicator on the world page if you have doubler 200 active.

==Revision 1197==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor bug with find buff functionality where sometimes sometimes online player search would not work.

==Revision 1196==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor bug with find buff functionality where sometimes players > 1000 would not show up.

==Revision 1195==
  # (Major) FS: New Feature! Find Buff functionality added to the top of the action menu. Use this feature to search recently online players for the specific buff you need. Try it today!
  # (minor) FS: Fixed temple alert in LHS column when functionality is disabled. issue 1072

==Revision 1194==
  # (minor) FS: Added another online status dot color to show offline for > 7 days.

==Revision 1193==
  # (minor) FS: Hid the border of guild logo. issue 1071
  # (minor) FS: Added ability hide the buff selected functionality on the online allies and guild info sections (can be re-enabled in preferences).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed it so the page does not refresh when you add/remove a critter from the do not kill list.

==Revision 1192==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with wanted bounty tracker after last HCS change. issue 1063.

==Revision 1191==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with creature evaluator that caused SES to be applied to Defense twice and Damage not at all (only for Super Elites).
  # (minor) FS: Added Chi Strike and Terrorize effects to both Relic Calculator and Creature Evaluator.

==Revision 1190==
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked relic calculator again (hopefully the last time) to display all group stats with correct calculations.

==Revision 1189==
  # (minor) FS: Updated Relic calculator so it now calculates Constitution, NMV and Flinch against group stats rather than just the lead defender. Also added Fortitude to the calculation.

==Revision 1188==
  # (minor) FS: Enhanced Online Dots. Now dots will show as green for < 2 mins, yellow < 5 mins, orange < 30 mins. Optional.

==Revision 1187==
  # (minor) SS2: Ported Quick Extract from FS.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed loot item log in world screen.
  # (Major) SS2: Added quick load ammo (any types of weapon) using shortcut "l" on world screen.
  # (Major) SS2: Added quick combine charged psi ammo using shortcut "L" (so a fast charging section would be: in shop screen, select "Empty mind shard" for quick buy, the press "ttttKKKKLttttKKKKL" repeatedly).

==Revision 1186==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Guild Chat Leaders Area to include settings from Members area.

==Revision 1184==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to mouseover for Sacrifice (0.02% to 0.04%).
  # (minor) FS: Fix to guild manage screen to color players by VL not level.
  # (minor) FS: Fix to online allies/enemies list to show color scale based on last activity minutes.
  # (minor) FS: Fix to online players list to show players over level 1000.  issue 1046

==Revision 1183==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to temple message where it would sometimes not show up correctly.

==Revision 1182==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed coloring on Online Allies Widget list to blue coloring for allies.

==Revision 1181==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed temple message so it will stay up until you pray (if enabled).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed log message sound trigger (if enabled).
  # (minor) FS: Added link to one click join groups (either all or < # based on your settings).
  # (minor) FS: Added widgets to the Online Allies list (if you have it enabled).
  # (minor) FS: Added option to move the Online Allies list to the top of the RHS sidebar.

==Revision 1180==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to enhanced chat text entry so it posts to the right channel (general/leadership). issue 1038
  # (minor) FS: Fix allies/enemies list first entry B quick buff link. issue 1035

==Revision 1179==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug where imp counter would not show 11 imps when you had caged imp pot enabled. issue 1031
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with one click relic empower where empower to 10 would often not work.

==Revision 1178==
  # (minor) FS: Added Quick Drink functionality to the profile page (this can be disabled in preferences).

==Revision 1177==
  # (minor) FS: Added functionailty to show VL on the PvP ladder page.

==Revision 1176==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug caused by ST shown in top banner (if you had it enabled), that would block HCS special offers.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with Fast Wear for items you are carrying. issue 1026
  
==Revision 1175==
  # (minor) FS: Level range indicators (guild>manage page, find player screen and online player screen) use VL instead of actual level. Note that if your VL does not match your level, you should go to the profile page to refresh this functionality if your VL changes. issue 1029
  # (minor) FS: Changed indicator for high marketplace prices from 200k up to 250k.
  # (minor) FS: Changed level limit filters for items up to level 2000 when you reset.

==Revision 1174==
  # (minor) FS: Added link to UFSG creature page to pull all creature data (max) back to the main page. The extra link can be disabled in preferences.

==Revision 1173==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed item drop line when using quick kill. issue 1028
  # (minor) FS: Added fast wear to report page for items in your own backpack. issue 1026

==Revision 1172==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed hide arena move functionality and hide specific arena items functionality (HCS changed their HTML to link to a different image server).

==Revision 1171==
  # (minor) FS: Another fix for PvP highlighting for players under level 205. issue 1018
  # (minor) FS: Fixed functionality to empower a relic to a certain level with one click. It will also now stop after a max of 20 attempts if you don't reach your target.

==Revision 1170==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed find player PvP range for players under level 200. issue 1018
  # (minor) FS: Added raw attack and defense stats to the relic defender calculator (NMV, Const are not calculated for raw stats). This is a partial step towards fixing the calculation.
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to empower a relic to a certain level with one click.

==Revision 1169==
  # (minor) FS: Updated functions from 5 to 10 for PvP range.
  # (minor) FS: Added link to find player screen to quickly get GvG targets (25 range). issue 1006

==Revision 1168==
  # (minor) FS: More obvious text on the world screen if hunting mode is enabled (the most common people have with the helper is leaving hunting mode enabled).
  # (minor) FS: AH screen will now show an indicator if any filters are enabled and also has a quick link to reset all filters.
  # (minor) FS: Added a quick PvP Combat Summary to the log. This option can be disabled in the preferences.
  
==Revision 1167==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed new guild log where duplicate records were sometimes showing. issue 1002
  # (minor) FS: Fixed stamina price of avert gaze in data file (was 25, now 10).

==Revision 1166==
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to auto populate the min bid value on the AH. There is an option to enable this functionality (default off). HCS has given us permission to include it in the helper. See details in issue 997
  # (minor) FS: Fixed best damage item functionality (check items). issue 985

==Revision 1165==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the mouseover issue for the show item stat total. It should work now even if you have the item compare and the show stat total turned on.

==Revision 1164==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to Quick Extract Link not showing up. issue 980. This should fix it for everyone I think.
  # (minor) FS: Fix to show defender buffs. issue 989. This should also fix it for everyone I think.

==Revision 1163==
  # (minor) FS: Crude fix to the show item stat total. The mouseover will fix to a width of 800. Turn this option off to return to original HCS version.

==Revision 1162==
  # (minor) FS: Added configurable parameter for the number of titan logs retained. Defaults to 15.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the bug where bulk listing items outside the main folder was not working.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a bug with defender buffs not loading correctly.

==Revision 1161==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed coloring on log tab for guild mates and allies/enemies.

==Revision 1160==
  # (minor) FS: New Guild Log fixed, with latest HCS change it was only picking up every second log message. Also added a reset button to reset the stored log.
  # (minor) FS: Added VL to the find player screen if not the same as the current level.

==Revision 1159==
Bunch of fixes for latest HCS update as follows: 
  # (minor) FS: AH widgets removed, added coloring to craft and durability similar to how it used to work.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the Guild Log screen widgets and coloring.
  # (minor) FS: Commented out quick preferences on the AH until it can be fixed more completely. issue 995
  # (minor) FS: Removed character counter from bio and history editor in favor of HCS version.
Other fixes
  # (minor) FS: Tried another fix for the Quick Extract link not showing up. issue 980
  # (minor) FS: Fixed personal log so reply, etc links show up when you get buffed. issue 994

==Revision 1158==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed active and wanted bounty side bars. issue 990
  # (minor) FS: Fixed AH search link in inventing. issue 983

==Revision 1157==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed player log coloring and widgets from last HCS change.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed mouseover for skills on page 2 and 3. issue 991

  ==Revision 1156==
  # (minor) FS: Added PvP rating to show up on the find player screen. issue 984
  # (minor) FS: Fix to attack player show defender stats issue. issue 989
  
==Revision 1155==
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to show gold on hand on the find player screen (optional). issue 984
  # (minor) FS: Added quick link to pull back PvP targets on find player screen. 

==Revision 1154==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed lookup of profile via playername. This fixes quick buff and attack player defender stats. issue 966 and issue 969
  # (minor) FS: Fixed coloring on the Guild Log screen (old version)

==Revision 1153==
  # (minor) FS: Moved the Quick Wear link up to the inventory line to make more room below. issue 981
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the offline players at relic functionality.

==Revision 1152==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed most of the quick buff links so they link by id rather than name, this means the profile data is pulled up correctly. issue 969
  # (minor) FS: Fixed most of the missing links from the profile page. All, BP counter and Quick Wear. issue 981
  # (minor) FS: Known issue - Defender stats and buffs not showing on attack player screen. Waiting for HCS code change to implement.
  # (minor) FS: Known issue - Quick buff stats and buffs not showing up for quick buff lookup by name (e.g. buffing groups). Waiting for HCS code change to implement.
  # (minor) FS: Known issue - Show items functionality from profile is broken (where it looks for best item by slot), needs some rewrites. issue 985

==Revision 1151==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor bug with online allies/enemies list where sometimes it would show someone elses ally/enemy list.

==Revision 1150==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed mouseover on skills page. issue 976
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick links on pages it wasn't displaying on or displaying centered. issue 964
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quest tracker name on world screen. issue 978
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bio rendering, edit bio screen and compress bio functions.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Quick Extract link on the profile page. issue 979
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Allies/Enemies counters on the profile page and allies/enemies list seen on any screen.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed buttons under the player avy when viewing someone elses profile.
  # (minor) FS: Added an alert to the LHS if you have no prayed in a while.
  # (minor) FS: Widened the notepad a little to make it easier to read.

==Revision 1149==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for send gold to player. issue 973
  # (minor) FS: Added durability to the two inventory managers (self and guild), it will color red if less than 20% durability (once you refresh). issue 974
  # (minor) FS: Added craft coloring to the two inventory managers.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the recpie manager so it now looks in folders too. issue 959

==Revision 1148==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for the quick buffs. issue 965 and issue 964
  # (minor) FS: Fix for the item wear locations for inventory managers now that item wear location is in the mouseover. issue 953 and issue 940

==Revision 1147==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed for the world screen. It is now 1:30am and I hope you appreciate the fixes. I have to work in the morning.

==Revision 1146==
  # (minor) FS: Fixes for most of the rest of the issues. If you are still having problems after this patch, then post in the forum or PM Tangtop your issue.

==Revision 1145==
  # (minor) FS: Quick fix to enable the helper log messages to work. 

==Revision 1143==
  # (minor) FS: Quick fix to enable the helper to work. Many sidebar functions (e.g. Ally/Enemy list) are still not working.

==Revision 1142==
  # (minor) SS2: Added Select All to the list of blueprint
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed blueprint manager parser after HCS updates
  # (minor) SS2: Changed some purist skills to active skills 

==Revision 1141==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed bugs in create auction page.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed bugs in TH and Auto-walk after HCS updates.

==Revision 1139==
  # (minor) FS: Minor tweak to bio rendering logic. You can now add a {cost} to the message text when you ask someone for buffs and it will include the cost total in the message. To change, go to your preferences page and change the Buy Buffs Greeting to something like 'Hello {playername}, can I buy {buffs} for {cost} please?'. issue 946
  # (minor) FS: Tweak to guild log widgets so it will provide a link to a players name if you invite them to the guild.

==Revision 1138==
  # (minor) FS: Minor tweak to code for rank management to ensure that the last name/rank shows up.

==Revision 1137==
  # (minor) FS: Minor javascript rounding error on calculating relic stats.

==Revision 1136==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to buff parsing since the new buffs were added, some check boxes were inadvertantly getting checked. issue 944 and issue 945
  # (minor) FS: Fix to calculation that calculates the relic multiplier depending on how many relics you own. Previously it did not go below 90% if you had 3 relics or more.
  # (minor) FS: Added link on the home page to go to the second page of the archive (as the link there to the archive took you to the same news list you were already looking at).

==Revision 1135==
  # (minor) FS: Aded mouseover info and stam cost for the new buffs.
  # (minor) FS: Added extend info to quick buff screen. issue 942
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the relic display parameters (should have no impact)
  
==Revision 1134==
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to log titan kills. This defaults off, so you need to turn it on. Each time you refresh a page it will log the current titan kills (assuming x minutes has past - configurable - default 5). You can view the history on the scout tower screen. This is stage 1, once this is tested, I will work on the titan log to match the kills up to what you have in your log. issue 916

==Revision 1133==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to check all button not showing up if no other options were enabled on profile manage page.
  # (minor) FS: Typo in previous fix made monster log display incorrectly.

==Revision 1132==
  # (minor) FS: Minor fix to join groups < x logic as some were experiencing issues.
  # (minor) FS: Minor fix to font size, etc on the monster log to make it more readable.
  
==Revision 1131==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported Auto-Walk from FS.

==Revision 1130==
  # (minor) FS: Update to the creature log to make it look and work better. The gold column was blocked, the font make smaller, highlighting added, background coloring added. Also added the ability to track enchancements. However, this only works with new sightings of the creatures. It should update your records though as you move around. Missing enchantments show up as **Missing**. issue 932. issue 934. 
  # (minor) FS: Changed the auto-walk instructions to a mouseover as the instructions could make the map funky with a small map.

==Revision 1129==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to Auto-Walk in mini map. Now it should show up correctly when you hit 'n'. However, it does not do anything to prevent you from walking into walls, so use at your own risk. issue 928. issue 931
  # (minor) FS: Updated some incorrect text parsing in the new guild log to correctly work for filters.
  # (minor) FS: Added slight delay to the refresh (1s) after joining all groups from the link on the LHS of the screen.
  # (minor) FS: Another attempt at fixing some strange bugs someone was experiencing. See issue 923 for more details

==Revision 1128==
  # (MAJOR) FS: Added Auto-Walk in mini map. On the mini map (turned on by press "n"), draw a path starting from current player's position, then press "N" and watch your position moving along the drawn path. issue 928

==Revision 1127==
  # (minor) FS: Added an option to only join groups of x size and smaller. Defaults to on and size 11. This means that they old 'Join All' button and links are replaced by a "Join All < x' button and functionality. Bottom line, with this option turned on, the only way to join a group which is already size x or higher is to click on the join button for that group.

==Revision 1126==
  # (minor) FS: Attempt at fixing some strange bugs someone was experiencing. See issue 923 for more details
  # (minor) FS: Added more items to the data sheet (although I wish HCS would add the wear location in the mouseover). issue 926

==Revision 1125==
  # (minor) FS: Added get tax rate to the get rank weightings function (to make it easier to find out what individual rank tax rates are set to).
  
==Revision 1124==
  # (minor) FS: Added option to turn off the auto scroll when shifting guild store pages (default on). If you have page elements hidden on the manage page then the scroll to guild store doesn't move to the right spot.

==Revision 1123==
  # (minor) FS: Enhanced chat entry area (you can turn this functionality off in the options if you don't like it).
  # (minor) FS: Added code to refresh the member list variable whenever you visit the guild.manage page. This should help the advisor have the correct ranks/levels. issue 917
  # (minor) FS: Fixed an item listed as armor that was actually an amulet and added 3 more items to the data sheet.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed error on rank page where the last player for the last rank did not show up.

==Revision 1122==
  # (minor) FS: Updated cross-browser fix for Chrome: movement, sorting in advisor and arena.

==Revision 1121==
  # (minor) FS: Rebuilt the new guild log so that it caches data and so does not require a full set of page refreshes each time. i.e. made it faster. 

==Revision 1120==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug introduced in the cross-browser fix from r1119 where three functions stopped working (calc relic stats, return to page after message and attack player extra widgets) 

==Revision 1119==
  # (minor) FS: Added some cross-browser compatible function checks.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed colors in Best Damage check screen.

==Revision 1118==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a bug on the Best Damage Item check where the link to the ultimate guide was not correct.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a bug where sometimes when requesting buffs, the text 'Join All' sometimes got added to the request.

==Revision 1117==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a bug not display Rune in Best Damage item check.
  # (minor) FS: Added tooltip for wearing items and suggested item in Best Damage item check.
  # (minor) FS: Changed combat log (world screen) to be displayed when you lost (so suicide style hunters know how they lost).

==Revision 1116==
  # (minor) FS: Added a link on the new guild log to get back to the old guild log if you want to go back a few more pages than is displayed.
  # (minor) FS: Added a few more items to the data file (although I hope HCS implements soon so that I can remove this functionality and make the helper faster).

==Revision 1115==
  # (minor) FS: Added Best Damage wearing item check, accessible from any profile, "Check Items" link above the wearing set. The new screen will check the current wearing items with the Best Damage item available in the Ultimate Fallensword Guide, and show the result of the comparison. The items will be green if it is the best damage item (or in a full set), yellow if not. Please note that items are compared based on damange only, no other stats or set bonus is included.

==Revision 1114==
  # (minor) SS2: Added class icon for items in TH screen.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in faction store item screen.
  # (minor) SS2: Added info on the last 3 added artifacts.

==Revision 1113==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to new guild log where sometimes and error would cause it to show notepad instead of loading correctly.

==Revision 1112==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to issue 906 so that it casts SSI before it refreshes.

==Revision 1111==
  # (minor) FS: Added "Recast" link to the world screen if your imps had run out. If you have the Summon Shield Imp skill and click on this, it will recast it and refresh. If you don't have it, it will just refresh the screen. issue 906
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the guild rank screen functionality. Added option to turn it on and off (default on). Added logic to not try and rank those above you. Also added a screen scroll so you can keep clicking to move a rank.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the bug where select all on the manage screen could select more items than you intended if you had items that had a name which included the name of the item you selected (e.g. selecting "Blue Soul Stone" when you also had a "Elemental Blue Soul Stone") issue 905

==Revision 1110==
  # (minor) SS2: Changed BP compact screen to 4 items per line with more info displayed.

==Revision 1109==
  # (Major) SS2: Added compact backpack mode in Manage Backpack screen (click [Show BP Compact] to enable). All items will be displayed as 10 items per line. Actions available: [S] (select all items of the same type), [TH], [Sell] (as usual). Note that no quick drop link is availble in this mode.

==Revision 1108==
  # (minor) FS: minor fix to new guild log if the guild log message in the LHS column didn't exist. issue 904

==Revision 1106==
  # (Major) FS, SS2: Added folder selection in Trade/ST screen where only items from selected folder are displayed. Note that these items will include non-tradeable items and NOT include guild/faction tagged items.

==Revision 1105==
  # (minor) FS: ported POI coloring on the mini map (n) from SS2 to FS.
  # (minor) FS: minor bug fix for rank screen where the list of which players have which ranks didn't always show up correctly for the last rank (alphabetically).

==Revision 1103==
  # (minor) FS: Admin enhancement. Change to Up/Down button functionality for guild ranks. Now the screen does not refresh, but rather the ranks move up and down as you click on them - AJAX style.

==Revision 1101==
  # (minor) FS: Minor fix for the new guild log. Turning off the option did not correctly go back to the old guild log. Now it does.

==Revision 1099==
  # (minor) FS: Added cancel all displayed auctions button to the AH to enabled fast cancel for all the displayed auctions. It only does up to 8 at once (still can save up to 7 clicks though). issue 892
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the stats for the Tower Orb relic mouseover. Also added mouseovers for some of the more recent relics. issue 900
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the new guild log so that you can apply/remove filters without having to refresh the page. Also added an option to replace the current guild log with the new guild log (can be turned off in the options).

==Revision 1097==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed bug when retriving player buffs (Strike with HP!, buff with number in its name).
  # (minor) SS2: Ported total sent gold counter
  # (minor) SS2: Ported reset foot print
  # (minor) SS2: Cleaned up some code

==Revision 1096==
  # (minor) FS: Removed Guild Mailbox checking code as HCS added it to the core code.

==Revision 1094==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to the new guild log to make it a little faster and also some of the filters were not working correctly.

==Revision 1092==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for the quest links in the quest book so that you still have the wiki link functioning how it used to. Also the ultimate guide link takes you straight to the right page now. issue 893

==Revision 1090==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed for bug that some people were seeing with the menu items. issue 889

==Revision 1088==
  # (minor) FS: Added new way of viewing the Guild Log (beta). It includes filters and will bring back multiple pages of data (default 5 but configurable). Please add any feedback on this new feature to the forum post.

==Revision 1086==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with stat summing when the item has a negative stat. issue 886
  # (minor) FS: Fixed HCS bug with guild history where HTML text shows where it shouldn't. issue 885
  # (minor) FS: Fixed typos. issue 887
  # (minor) FS: Added function to guild rank screen to gather weightings for each rank to the main screen as a number. Privs that most people should have (e.g. view advisor, store items, etc) have a low rank (0.1), privs that only a few should have (un-tag, withdraw gold, etc) have a high weighting (5), the rest are between. It was intended as an easy way to sum up who has to little or too many privs for each rank.

==Revision 1084==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with last update where the last guild member would not show up. Also fixed it so that players with unavailable profiles show up correctly.

==Revision 1082==
  # (minor) FS: Added some functionality to make a guild rank management easier. On the Ranks page (Guild>Manage>Ranks), it will now show you a list of which players are assigned to each rank.

==Revision 1080==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug introduced in last fix that prevented settings from being saved.

==Revision 1078==
  # (minor) FS: Added indicator to show on guild screen players within 25 levels of yourself as orange (actual level, not VL). There is an option for displaying both PvP targets (5 levels) and/or GvG targets (25 levels). issue 882
  # (minor) FS: Turned AH quick search items into links as requested so you can ctrl-click on them to open a new tab. issue 881
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug where you could not click on items in your manage page if you had the stat summing function turned on. issue 883
  # (minor) FS: Added a couple of items to the database.

==Revision 1076==
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to check the guild mailbox to see if there are any items in it each hour. A message similar to the personal  mailbox message will show up if there are. This functionality can be disabled in the preferences.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with item stats subtotalling functionality on profile screen when hunting mode is disabled. issue 880
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with BP slot indicator on the profile screen if the player is on one of the transition screens on the world screen. It used to show guild chat, now it should show nothing. 

==Revision 1074==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to Creature Evaluator if you are looking at a SE and do not have SES enabled. issue 844
  # (minor) FS: Added feature to profile and manage screen to sum the stat bonuses for an individual item on the mouseover. This can be disabled in the preferences.
  # (minor) FS: Added some items to the data file. issue 875

==Revision 1072==
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Improved AH/TH-clickable item code. Now most of items (in AH/TH, in other player's profile/datasheet, etc.) is clickable. Also the new code does not need the prefetch of AH to be enabled.

==Revision 1071==
  # (minor) SS2: Added confirmation when trying to create new squad with shortcut G
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug when parsing blueprint pages make the log go down very long
  # (minor) SS2: Changed POIs in minimap to be displayed by default

==Revision 1069==
  # (minor) FS: Added indicator to Online Players list for players within x levels of you. issue 870
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with estimating buff cost when summing buffs. issue 821
  # (minor) FS: Added some missing items from the item data list. issue 860
  # (minor) FS: Removed countdown timer (too many people having memory issues). issue 831

==Revision 1067==
  # (minor) FS: If you have the track conflicts on the guild manage page option turned on, this functionality will now show all your conflicts, not just the first page.

==Revision 1065==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for AH item widgets not showing up in the AH after the last fix.

==Revision 1063==
  # (Major) FS: Removed FSH guild chat sidebar in favor of HCS version. If you have not tried it yet, turn it on and try it, they did a good job with the update.
  # (minor) FS: Added option to enable the fetching of item stats (craft/forge/durability) in the AH. Note this is DEFAULT TO OFF so if you like this functionality, you will need to go turn it back on again in the preferences. I turned it off because it is extra load on HCS servers and should only really be used if you make use of it.
  # (minor) FS: Added code so that if you click on an item image in the AH, it will do a search for that item (e.g. if you are looking at someones auction listings and you want to know if their prices are reasonable, you can just click the image to do a search)
  # (minor) FS: Added option to control adding the Attack link with the other links in the log. Note this is DEFAULT TO OFF so if you like the link, you will need to go turn it back on again in the preferences.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with ST/Date at top not showing with game stats in compressed mode. issue 868
  # (minor) FS: Added code to hopefully add quick take links to the guild mailbox. We had no items in the mailbox so I was unable to test it, but hopefully someone else can and let us know how it goes. issue 856

==Revision 1060==
  # (minor) FS: Added fix for latest guild info chat changes if you did not have enough guild chat to make 3 entries.

==Revision 1058==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with Game Info box disappearing if you had both game stats and Support box hidden. issue 866
  # (minor) FS: Added some items to the data list for use on the inventory screens (wear location).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed an issue with the guild inventory set search sometimes not using the correct search text (3 different bugs).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed an issue with the HF damage showing up as negative if you did not have enough damage to beat the creatures armor.

==Revision 1056==
  # (minor) FS: Added option to turn off font size change in the Guild Info Chat section.

==Revision 1054==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed sidebar for FSH version of guild chat.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed sidebar for allies/enemies list.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed sidebar for bounty tracking.
  # (minor) FS: Added some tweaks to the Guild Info Chat section. It is still not as good as the FSH version ... HCS will have to make some changes before that can happen. But you can post without it changing screens and it keeps a count of the number of posts you have made because the chat list does not refresh. The font was also tweaked to be more in line with the FSH version.

==Revision 1052==
  # (minor) FS: Quick fix to stop sidebar from hiding when recruiting box hidden. Better fix for side bar coming soon. issue 863

==Revision 1050==
  # (minor) SS2: Changed Port 1,2,3 and Socket Mk 1 to active skills (can be activated in class buff skill page)
  # (minor) SS2: Colorized POIs in minimap: mission POIs blue, gates green, other POIs red.
  # (minor) SS2: Added fixing code for movement (issue 845)

==Revision 1049==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue where krul portal on world screen did not work if you did not have footprints enabled ever.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue where bio expander did not work in a certain circumstance. issue 857
  # (minor) FS: Fixed an issue where gold auction templates showed up as FSP (display issue only). issue 858

==Revision 1047==
  # (minor) FS: Tweak to the join all on the main page so it uses the right link and you actually join some groups.

==Revision 1045==
  # (minor) FS: Added option to turn off saving quest book links in the rare occasion where the last page no longer exists.

==Revision 1043==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to recruiting box hide function so it does not hide the guild recruiting page, only the side tab. issue 855
  # (minor) FS: Fix to mini map no loading error. issue 840

==Revision 1041==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to hide top banner that caused the login screen not to show.
  # (minor) FS: Added [Join All] link to the indicator to show if a new attack group has been created (saves a click if you are always joining all groups).
  # (minor) FS: More minor code cleanup.

==Revision 1036==
  # (minor) FS: On inventory screens, tidied up the (set) link so it only shows for sets (will require a refresh), also changed it so the (set) link attempts to search for all items in that set using the "|" functionality added in a recent patch.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a bugs introduced in the last patch with minor issues with the relic stats and the guild log coloring.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the [?] after Empower Level text so it is all on one line on the relic screen.
  # (minor) FS: Added a few items to the data list.
  # (minor) FS: Minor code housekeeping.

==Revision 1036==
  # (minor) FS: Added links to world screen, creature screen and quest pages to link to the ultimate fallen sword guide. I don't have a good icon for it yet, so for now use the green square.

==Revision 1034==
  # (minor) FS: Added option to hide the new recruiting box (defaults to off).

==Revision 1031==
  # (minor) SS2: Added "Invent Multiple times" button in View Blueprint screen.
  # (minor) SS2: Ported shortcut "y" to quickly send credit (accessible from World Screen only).
  # (minor) SS2: Ported quick buy feature that allows you to select how many items to buy.

==Revision 1030==
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Added Fast Wear in Guild/Faction store.
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Added operator OR "|" in guild report filter for item (example FS: http://www.fallensword.com/index.php?cmd=guild&subcmd=inventory&subcmd2=report&item=Cursed|Bride SS2: http://www.sigmastorm2.com/index.php?cmd=guild&subcmd=inventory&subcmd2=report&item=KR5|Narholt )

==Revision 1029==
  # (minor) SS2: Added "Combine Selected" button on Manage Backpack (shortcut b) screen.

==Revision 1028==
  # (minor) FS: Calculator on upgrade page that shows you how many stamina you get for the FSP you are spending was not working with the image pack on.

==Revision 1026==
  # (minor) FS: Minor tweak to screen display of kill streak tracker if disabled.

==Revision 1024==
  # (minor) FS: Added links to buff players hunting titans on the scout tower screen.

==Revision 1022==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed scout tower details showing on the titan log screen.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick links so it doesn't screw up your layout on the world screen (if it is a little longer) and also fixed it so that it will wrap around with many links.

==Revision 1020==
  # (minor) FS: Changed the bias on the combat evaluator to only effect damage and hp. Attack will still have a 1.1053 multipler applied. Some players found they missed even though the helper said they would hit.
  # (minor) FS: Added an option to enable the icon for the FSG on the world screen. This will allow those who have edited their hosts file to get the FSG working to use the icon again.
  # (minor) FS: Changed the default of the countdown timer to off. You should turn this off unless you really need it as it is a memory hog. I recommend using the FS plugin instead (http://koti.kapsi.fi/~tharna/fallensword/). issue 815
  # (minor) FS: Added some more items to fsdata.js. issue 830

==Revision 1018==
  # (minor) SS2: Made items in blueprint linked to search in TH.
  # (minor) SS2: Added link to hightlight points of interest (POI) in mini map and world map. 

==Revision 1017==
  # (minor) FS: The Quest(s) not completed line should REALLY be on its own line all the time now. 

==Revision 1016==
  # (minor) FS: Added a quick-link underneath the Local Image Directory text box to make it easier to play the game from multiple machines. The value will be saved whenever you update your game settings. To test this, you can turn greasemonkey off, set the image location value. Then turn GM back on, and set it again. The quick link should be underneath the box now.

==Revision 1015==
  # (minor) FS: Added shortcut "y" to quickly send gold (accessible from World Screen only) (issue 626)
  # (minor) FS: Added option to turn on/off Kill Streak trackin feature when you have Death Dealer and no Summon Shield Imp (visible on World Screen, only when DD is on and no SSI) (issue 798).

==Revision 1014==
  # (minor) FS: Added an option in the preferences screen to completely reset your footprints variable. It also shows the current size (# of characters) of the variable. (Issue 742)
  # (minor) FS: Added the ability to see how your footprint color choice looks on top of the current square you are standing on (in the preferences screen).
  
==Revision 1013==
  # (minor) FS: If you have guild conflict info enabled for the Guild->Manage screen, it should no longer insert 'Active Conflicts' if your guild isn't involved in any.
  # (minor) FS: If you are checking for incomplete quests, the notification text should no longer be on the same line as the Shield Imp count.

==Revision 1012==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in Faction Inventory Manager (issue 774)

==Revision 1011==
  # (minor) FS: Added code to update your inventory on the world page while you are quick hunting (Issue 829, thanks joseph)

==Revision 1010== 
  # (minor) FS: Ally/enemy list should show again, along with the guild chat. (Issue 835)

==Revision 1009==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the server time showing up in the top right.

==Revision 1008==
  # (minor) FS: Added option to show the current server time and date (from the Game Stats block) in the banner area over the dragon's head. Make sure you don't hide the banner and don't use HCS' option to hide the Game Stats if you want to use this. (Issue 156)

==Revision 1007==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed bug in Faction Inventory when you have Mission Item in store (issue 834)

==Revision 1006==
  # (minor) SS2: Ported Doppler Array Info to the top of the Behemoth Kill Log Screen

==Revision 1005==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed quick use function (shortcut {,},|) to search in all folders (but you should put those items in main folder for fastest use).
  # (minor) SS2: Changed quick_use result to be displayed in an alert box.

==Revision 1004==
  # (minor) SS2: Ported a preference to parse your character journal for 'Chat' messages. If enabled (default), this chat will then be inserted into the 'Send Message' page to give you an idea of what you are replying to.
  # (minor) SS2: Ported a preference to navigate to your last page (usually character journal) after a message is sent successfully
  # (minor) SS2: With the Crystal Market prices going higher, tweaked the price on the selling warning for FC.
  # (minor) SS2: Added Wiki button to the view mission pages.

==Revision 1003==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the detailed conflict info if your guild hasn't initiated any conflicts.
  # (minor) FS: Turned the 'Active Conflicts' text into a link for the Guild Conflicts page.

==Revision 1002==
  # (minor) FS: Added the display on the Guild->Manage page to show if your guild is XP locked, how much XP you need to break the lock. (Issue 265)
  # (minor) FS: Fixed tooltip and preference display name for the navigate after message sent option in the Preferences screen.

==Revision 1001==
  # (minor) FS: Changed the navigate to log preference to navigate to the page that you were on when you first went to the send message screen.

==Revision 1000==
  # (minor) FSH: The FSH has turned 1000 revisions old!!!
  # (minor) FS: Added a preference to navigate to your character log after a message is sent successfully. (Issue 551)

==Revision 999==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the quick buff screen not showing up with the last update... my bad.

==Revision 998==
  # (minor) FS: Added an option to show guild conflict summary information on the Guild->Manage page.
  # (minor) FS: Added an option to turn the Game Help text in the bottom right box into a quick link to the settings page. This can be useful if use the FS Image Pack AND you play the game from multiple locations.

==Revision 997==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the realm tile error code for *nix boxes. (thanks mind)

==Revision 996==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the background image on the quick kill combat result log if you have the FSIP enabled.

==Revision 995==
  # (minor) FS: Added a temporary fix to replace the slashes for realm tile images for *nix based systems. Only runs if you have the image pack enabled. This will be removed when HCS fixes the tile source locations for realm tiles.

==Revision 994==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed some image bugs if you use the FS Image Pack. (Issue 827)

==Revision 993==
  # (minor) FS: Ported from SS2 bulk move items between folder, access from Manage Backpack (shortcut b) screen. Note that only personal item are displayed there, guild tagged items can not be move around this way. 

==Revision 992==
  # (Major) SS2: Added bulk move items between folder, access from Manage Backpack [b] screen
  # (minor) SS2: Moved the Hunting Mode indicator to the stats displaying area. You can toggle the mode on/off from world screen.
  # (minor) SS2: Ported link to add/remove the creature from the Do Not Kill List to the creature screen.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Trade Hub bug in special section.

==Revision 991==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed bug in dropping items after the new folder update.
  # (minor) SS2: Introduced new view mode in blueprint manager: the table mode for components. There is a summary of the total number of components needed at the end which should be useful when viewing the blueprints of one complete set.

==Revision 990==
  # (minor) SS2: Changed blueprint manager filter to be more visible.
  # (minor) SS2: Added blueprint filter by name.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed blueprint list and online list to show unique entries only.
  # (minor) SS2: Cleaned up some code

==Revision 989==
  # (minor) FS: Added preference to enable showing the backpack slot counter from the world page to your profile page above your backpack items, it defaults to being off. (Issue 631)

==Revision 988==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with quick links possibly screwing up the FSH. (Issue 351)

==Revision 987==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the wiki link not showing up on the Quest Details page. (Issue 823)

==Revision 986==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed minimap not load error.

==Revision 985==
  # (minor) FS: Added confirmation dialog to the activate PvP Prestige button on the attack player screen. (Issue 816)

==Revision 984==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed the repair kit shortcut [f] to new url

==Revision 983==
  # (minor) FS: Hide the Buff Log menu item if the buff log feature is disabled (Issue 805)
  # (minor) FS: When replying to a message from your character log (If you have Enable Log Parsing enabled) the little [?] box will no longer be focused by pressing tab after entering your message.
  # (minor) FS: You can now enable hitting enter to send a message via the enter key on the Send Message screen in the preferences section (all the way to the bottom). Default is off. (Issue 590)

==Revision 982==
  # (minor) FS: You should now be able to hide the top banner again.

==Revision 981==
  # (minor) FS: Added stamina used to the buff log.

==Revision 980==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed an error in fsdata.js. Sorry!

==Revision 979==
  # (minor) FS: Guild inventory parsing should be working again.
  # (minor) FS: Changed instances of 'Faction' to 'Guild'.
  # (minor) FS: Added some more items in fsdata.js.

==Revision 978==
  # (minor) FS: Added quick extract functionality. Link appears under profile components. This enables you to extract all similar resources easily. (yuuzhan)

==Revision 977==
  # (minor) FS: Removed (For now) The code to put the fallensword guide icon on the world page, since the page is down, this was causing the FSH to be slow when loading the world page (even with hunting mode on). We will add this back if (and when) the FSG becomes available again.

==Revision 976==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the Quick Wear/Use page.
  # (minor) FS: If you find any more problems with the latest HCS and the FSH, please post your issue to http://code.google.com/p/fallenswordhelper/issues/list. Thank you!

==Revision 975==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the Auction House (hopefully).

==Revision 974==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the preference screen (The exclusive box dorks up the code a little =) ) (Issue 807)

==Revision 973==
  # (minor) FS: Added some items to the FS data list for mapping item to wear location. issue 799
  # (minor) FS: Added recall to BP to remove tag screen as requested. issue 801
  # (minor) FS: Added link to guild log screen for players added, kicked, promoted, requesting join, etc. issue 803
  # (minor) FS: Fixed it so if you refresh your AH search template it will go back to the default one. issue 779

==Revision 971==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in TH after the new SS2 recruiment update.

==Revision 970==
  # (minor) SS2: Changed shortcut "Repair at Mechanic" back to 'r'
  # (minor) SS2: Changed shortcut "use a Repair Kit" to 'f'
  # (minor) SS2: Changed shortcut "use a Medipack" to 'm'
  # (minor) SS2: Changed shortcut "Open map in tab" to 'M'

==Revision 969==
  # (minor) FS: With the marketplace prices going higher, tweaked the upper price on the selling warning for FSP.

==Revision 967==
  # (minor) FS: Added Buff Log option to Preferences page, that will record all buffs you cast, and a link to the log in the Character Area. (Issue 110)
  # (minor) FS: Ported Quick Buy From SS2 to the shops in FS (Issue 686) and (Issue 797)
  # (minor) FS: Ported Count Components from SS2 to the players Profile screen (Issue 681)

==Revision 966==
  # (minor) FS: Added fast take to add tags screen because finding items in the GS is a pita.

==Revision 964==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for Guild Info screen when player name forces the 'T' onto the next line.

==Revision 962==
  # (minor) FS: Moved code for changing the Quest Book menu item link to injectMenu. (Issue 796)
  # (minor) FS: Added a new preference to parse your character log for 'Chat' messages. If enabled, this chat will then be inserted into the 'Send Message' page to give you an idea of what you are replying to. (Issue 423)

==Revision 961==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a big that was introduced with the last revision. Sorry!

==Revision 960==
  # (minor) FS: Added code to change your Character->Quest Book link on the lefthand menu to your last quest book page for active quests if this value is set.

==Revision 959==
  # (minor) FS: Added code to remember the last page you went to in the Quest Book. This means if you sort by level or name, this will be remembered the next time you go to that section. There is a separate setting for each of the three tabs (Active/Complete/Not Started).

==Revision 958==
  # (minor) FS: Added images that were hosted on a third-party website to the project, encoded in base64.

==Revision 957==
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the checking for quests code a little bit
  # (minor) FS: Added FS Wiki and FSG buttons to the view quest pages since clicking on a quest name from the world page brings you to that page.

==Revision 956==
  # (Major) FS: Added ability to check if there are quests that are not started or started, not complete and not being tracked for the current zone. You can turn this on by going to the preferences page, it is marked as new.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the buff links on the Guild->Groups page.
  # (minor) FS: Added missing relic data. (Pillars of Lindorik, Statue of Elidoia and Darghei Statue)

==Revision 955==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed ability to buff the first 16 group members on a relic you are defending, and group members.
  # (minor) FS: Added ability to buff second, third, fourth, etc.. groups of 16, unfortunately the buffs you choose won't be saved, you should make a buff pack that you want to buff these groups with.

==Revision 954==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the Fetch defender stats button not always showing up, hopefully. (Issue 788, Issue 784, Issue 776)
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the bio update button not working since r953. Sorry! (Issue 792, Issue 791)
  # (minor) FS: Updated relic data for the latest relic update. I still need information on the following relics: Pillars of Lindorik, Statue of Elidoia and Darghei Statue. (Issue 775)

==Revision 953==
  # (minor) FS: Added configurable property on the bio edit page for how many lines to show in the edit area. Max is 99. (Issue 746)

==Revision 952==
  # (minor) FS: Added image indicator of hunting mode on the world page. You can click this icon to toggle hunting mode on and off. (Issue 772)
  # (minor) FS: Added code to fix HCS' implementation for the tooltip for the 'Empower Relic [?]' popup text. Will remove when they fix it.

==Revision 951==
  # (minor) FS: Changed checkbox for list bulk items from all bags or main bag only to a link on the create auction page. The text of the link tells the current setting.

==Revision 950==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug when you have "Show rank controls" enabled (issue 786)

==Revision 949==
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Changed view creature info implementation. From now, when "Show Creature/Entity Info" is enable, the creature info will not be retrieved until you actually want to see it (by putting the mouse over the creature icon). However, if you have "Keep Creature/Entity Log" enable, all creatures' info will still be prefetched as before.

==Revision 948==
  # (minor) FS: Bulk auction should be working properly all over again.

==Revision 947==
  # (minor) FS: Added preference on the create auction page that allows you to choose if you want to bulk sell items across all folders, or just from your main folder. (Issue 778)

==Revision 946==
  # (minor) FS: Code cleaned up in injectProfile.

==Revision 945==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the bio buff tag feature not working if you have bio compression enabled. (Issue 780)

==Revision 944==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the bio cost calculator to accept floating point numbers and negative numbers.

==Revision 943==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Calculate Defender Stats Button on Relic Page

==Revision 942==
  # (minor) FS: Added ability to track multiple quests.

==Revision 941==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the bulk create auction when you have backpack folders enabled. (Issue 667)

==Revision 940==
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the bio cost calculator a little bit. (It now removes non-alphanumeric characters on the line in order to match)
  # (minor) FS: You can also test to see if your prices will be estimated correctly using the bio preview page.
==Revision 939==
  # (minor) FS: Added the estimated buff price when the bio used buff tag and had buff price on the same line. Move mouse over the estimated cost to see detail buff price calculation.

==Revision 938==
  # (minor) SS2: Removed mission manager, mission data (level and location) and flag for hiding completed misions. All that remains is the functionality to hide individual mission.

==Revision 937==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed buff parsing for bios with bold inside the buff tags.

==Revision 936==
  # (minor) FS: Added skill description on mouseover on the skills page. (Issue 748)

==Revision 935==
  # (minor) FS: Removed the 'Render Checkbox on Left' property since it is has been OBE.
  # (minor) FS: Updated bio preview area to use the latest bio parsing code.

==Revision 933==
  # (minor) FS: Changed checkbox for buffs in bio to clickable buff name: not selected buffs are blue, selected buffs are yellow.
  # (minor) FS: Code cleaned up for bio parsing.

==Revision 932==
  # (minor) FS: Added link in bio to get the any players self-recall page.
  # (minor) FS: Added Fast Wear in guild recall page to recall to your backpack (you need to have at least one spare backpack) and wear it.

==Revision 930==
  # (minor) FS: Added link to the quest book for the fallen sword guide.
  # (minor) FS: Added link to add/remove the creature from the Do Not Kill List to the creature screen. issue 764
  # (minor) FS: Added some relic and item data and cleaned up the data file a little.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed extremely minor bug if the top 250 players didn't load correctly.

==Revision 928==
  # (minor) FS: Removed quest manager, quest data (level and location) and flag for hiding completed quests. All that remains is the functionality to hide individual quests. HCS did a great job in updating their quest log.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the fast recall functionality after HCS's latest change so you can still fast recall to either backpack (BP) or guild store (GS). Also fixed the self recall (SR) link from the Guild>Manage page.

==Revision 926==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in displaying the level of an active skill (in yellow) in quick buff page.

==Revision 925==
  # (minor) FS: Quick fix to Quest Book and Quest Manager to match HCS's latest change. I expect to have to make changes again when HCS adds min level to the page (hopefully), but at least it works for now.

==Revision 923==
  # (minor) SS2: Added button to enable quick delete components in datasheet page.
  # (minor) SS2: Ported the level of an active skill (in yellow) next to the skill that you are able to cast in quick buff page.

==Revision 922==
  # (minor) FS: Added ability to auto-select buff packs from your character log. The buff pack name MUST match the name that buyers select when they select a buff pack from your bio. If you have a buff pack named 'Defense Buffs', you must display it to others as 'Defense Buffs', not 'Defense Buffs: Const,Deflect' etc... (Issue 736)
  # (minor) FS: Doubled the size of the bio editor text area, with plans to make the size configurable.
  
==Revision 921==
  # (minor) FS: Made it easier to create buff packs on the Quick Buff Screen: Now whenever you want to create a buff pack, select all of the buffs in that pack first. Then click the Add button to add a new buff pack, all of the selected buffs will be added to that buff pack.

==Revision 920==
  # (minor) FS: Moved Scout Tower Info to the top of the Titan Kill Log Screen, added Scout Tower Graphic from HCS as well.

==Revision 919==
  # (minor) FS: Updated the quick buff screen to show the level of an active skill (in yellow) next to the skill that you are able to cast. (Issue 256)

==Revision 918==
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the combat evaluator slightly to add some flexibility to how the creature is evaluated. I added three levels to the preferences screen (Conservative, Semi-conservative and Adventurous) to give the user the chance to play around with values. Conservative setting is the closest to the previous setting.
  # (minor) FS: Added an option to disable the check for offline defenders on the relic screen for guilds defending the relic.

==Revision 916==
  # (minor) FS: Minor code tweaks to improve performance on Guild>Manage page. issue 755

==Revision 914==
  # (minor) FS: added option to enable/disable attack player functionality. default is off. issue 757
  # (minor) FS: minor code tweaks to improve performance. World screen. View other guild screen. View creature info option on world screen. issue 755
  # (minor) FS: fix for not being able to see guild attack groups. issue 758

==Revision 912==
  # (Major) SS2: Made Config page using tab panel, grouping options into different groups. Replace checkbox with button for instant save. You still need to click Save if you want to save the text field. 

==Revision 911==
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Improved buff checking function to speed up the script.
  # (minor) SS2: Cleaned up code, html source in injectSettings.

==Revision 910==
  # (Major) FS,SS2: Added a hunting mode (enable in Preference / Config), disable by clicking on the "[ON]" on top right screen. The hunting mode will disable the additional menu and some features to make the script run 30-50% faster.

==Revision 909==
  # (minor) FS: Added display of self and target player stats and buffs on the attack player screen so you can get a quick look at the side by side stat and buff view before you attack.
  # (minor) FS: Updated the relic mouseover stats to the latest available info.

==Revision 907==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the auto-select buffs feature always selecting rage.
  
==Revision 906==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in Save Config from r905
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in Component Summary total count

==Revision 905==
  # (minor) SS2: Removed Faction Online List in favor of HCS's version. Internal logic will still check the faction list every 5 mins to update status for use in other processes.

==Revision 904==
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Fixed location tracking issue, turn on/off with the footprint on/off. Remove trackFootprints option.

==Revision 903==
  # (minor) SS2: Ported links to Trade and Secure Trade to enable users to select different catagories of items (all, all stims, all ammo, all resources).

==Revision 902==
  # (Minor) FS: Added preference to disable tracking your location, which is used in drawing footprints. If you disable this and drawing footprints, loading time for the world page will be increased.
  
==Revision 901==
  # (Minor) FS: Fixed issues with quick buff popup autoselecting buffs. (Issue 741)
  # (Minor) FS: Added total cost of buying FSPs on the marketplace for gold on the marketplace create request screen.
  # (Minor) FS: Fixed null error when trying to select all guild locked items on the store items page when you have no guild locked items.

==Revision 900==
  # (minor) FS: Updated quickbuff to calculate stamina when buffing multiple players. issue 743

==Revision 896==
  # (minor) FS: Added Default CA level to the quick buff popup, you can now see what the current setting of your Default CA level is on the quick buff screen. I also added some colors to make it easier to see if BuffMaster is on and if Sustain and Fury Caster are at 100%.
  # (minor) FS: Sorted preferences into catagories to make them easier to find and to make future additions easier to add in so people can find them. We might want to think about adding a *New* tag whenever we add a new preference that eventually gets removed when it gets old.

==Revision 896==
  # (Minor) FS: Fixed moving Guild Info if Game Stats was marked to be hidden

==Revision 895==
  # (Minor) FS: Fixed storing of items bug introduced in last update (r894)

==Revision 894==
  # (Minor) FS: Added ability to select all guild locked items from the "Store Items" part of the guild inventory. (Issue 234)

==Revision 893==
  # (Minor) FS: Added ability to hide the "B M S T" links on the Guild Info Box.
  # (Minor) FS: Adjusted wording/location on preferences page for the Move Guild Info Box.
  
==Revision 892==
  # (Minor) FS: Added ability to change the level range to highlight for PvP targets (GvG in mind) on other guild lists. (Issue 737)
  # (Minor) FS: Fixed the preference for highlighting players within the level range specified always being enabled, regardless of the preference state.

==Revision 891==
  # (Majorish) FS: Added first round of auto selecting buffs from your character log in the quick buff window. For now, try to use the most common names/abbreviations for buffs to get the most out of this.
  # Please remember to let us know if you find any bugs!

==Revision 890==
  # (Minor) FS: Added ability to highlight players who are in your level range when looking for PvP targets in OTHER guilds. This can be disabled in preferences.

==Revision 889==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug which prevents using artifact upgrade. 

==Revision 888==
  # (Minor) FS: Added preference to render buff checkboxes on the left side of the buff name. This new preference is called: Render checkbox on left.

==Revision 887==
  # (Minor) FS: Added preference to show speaker icon on world map
  # (Minor) FS: Added preference to enable/disable playing a sound when you have an unread log message.

==Revision 885==
  # (Minor) FS: Fixed finding of the unread log messages notification box so sound will play if enabled.

==Revision 884==
  # (minor) FS: Added a feature to move the HCS Guild Info Box above the FSH Chat window.  This can be found in the Preferences screen.

==Revision 883==
  # IMPORTANT! The helper version of the chat in the sidebar will be removed about 2 weeks from now. There will be a post in the forum to discuss it. The reason for the removal is that it causes an extra page hit (to the chat page) each load which is unnecessary as HCS has implemented a version that works. Please encourage HCS to tweak their version by posting in the forums if you prefer the helper version to HCS's version.
  # (minor) FS: Fix for bug introduced in r876 where preferences could not be saved.

==Revision 880==
  # (minor) FS: Typo on newly formatted allies/enemies list cause a link not to work - fixed.

==Revision 877==
  # (minor) FS: Removed Guild Online List in favor of HCS's version. Internal logic will still check the guild list every 5 mins to update status for use in other processes. If you miss this list, then please turn on HCS's version, it works well and things will run faster for you.
  # (minor) FS: Reformatted Allies/Enemies list to match HCS's format. The hope is that HCS will implement this too so we can reduce the load caused by the helper (not to mention adding more info to the mouseover).
  # (minor) FS: Added links to the offline guild members for relic defense. issue 692.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the groups buff all functionality so that empty groups don't mistakenly show up with one member.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed groups buff all functionality so that mercenaries do not get included on the quick buff screen. issue 721
  # (minor) FS: Changed the buff all functionality on the relic defense and group screens so that it only buffs the first 16 (HCS has internal restrictions not to buff more than 16 players at once). issue 719
  # (minor) FS: Removed typo of extra ']' on the log screen (it was bugging me).

==Revision 874==
  # (Minor) FS: AH auction time left over 60 minutes displays in hours. Time left over 24 hours displays in days, you get the idea, right? (Issue 654)

==Revision 869==
  # (Very Minor) FS: small update to bio renderer

==Revision 868==
  # (Minor) FS: Added ability to play a sound when the "You have unread log messages." box is up. Firefox 3.5+ only. Can turn on and off from the world page (little speaker icon). (Issue 722)

==Revision 867==
  # (Minor) FS: Added new preferences for rendering player bios. (Issue 726 and issue 727)
  # (Minor) FS: Fixed Ask for buffs button not working with bio compression enabled.
  # (Minor) FS: Added new buff tags `~ and ~` to look cleaner on non-FSH Script user screens. Old tags still work. (For now)
  # (Minor) FS: Added {buffs} tag to buff greeting to choose where to place buff list.
  # (Minor) FS: Added {cmd} to bio tagset to choose where to place the ask button. This position is overridden when bio compression is enabled. This will only place one button in your bio, so don't try to do multiple tags =).
  # Once again, take a look at McBush's bio to see how this looks and works =)

==Revision 866==
  # (Major) FS: Added Character bio tags {b} and {/b} to allow players to select buffs from your bio! See McBush's profile to see how this looks with the new script! Go to change bio on your character page to try this out. (Issue 725)
  # (Minor) FS: Correct Elven Forge relic attribute from +100 gold to +10 protect gold. (Issue 723)

==Revision 865==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed map alignment in minimap when players are in maps with artifacts. (You need to move to another map, use minimap, then go back for the update to take effects)

==Revision 864==
  # (minor) FS: Removed FSH Quick Scavenging
  # (minor) FS: Added backpack counter and scavenging result to Multi-Scavenge

==Revision 863==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to buff link in log so that it opens quick buff screen to a consistent size as other similar links.
  # (minor) FS: Added missing items to the data file. issue 693

==Revision 860==
  # (minor) SS2: Added total count for Component Summary.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug which the script did not update faction list, squad member list.

==Revision 859==
  # (minor) FS: Another tweak to match HCS's tweak to get helper working again.

==Revision 857==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for latest HCS release so the helper does not break. To see the new buff selected functionality you will need to turn off the GuildInfo Widgets preference.

==Revision 855==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Faction List updates every 5 mins if the faction online list disabled (ported from FS r716)

==Revision 854==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed the insertion point for the Right bar when they removed "Communities".
  # (minor) FS: Adjusted the insertion point for the Right Side bar as if you hid the Game Stats, the FSH wouldnt be able to inject. now based on Support Fallensword!  Hopefully they wont get rid of that so we can stop adjusting the code. issue 717
  
==Revision 852==
  # (minor) SS2: Removed some redundant options in config page
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug at shop after Faction info was added in recent HCS update (issue 715)
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed buffing using the B from the new Faction Info box to show target info
  # (Major) SS2: Ported buff pack from FS
  # (minor) SS2: Moved where the "you gain a level" message shows when using quick kill (issue 703)
  # (minor) SS2: Tweaked player links on the groups page
  # (minor) SS2: Ported widgets to the Faction Info Online Members panel (defaults on and can be turned off). Players online within 2 mins will color green, white is 2-5 mins and gray is >5 mins). Also made it so you can't M/T/ST with yourself.

==Revision 851==
  # (minor) FS: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE Fallen Sword Helper, it has been around for 1 Year today! (9/23/09)

==Revision 850==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the recent workaround, made relic screen, scavening backpack counter works again (issue 715)
  # (minor) FS: Removed redudant options to hide HCS Online members, Chat section
  # (minor) FS: Improved Quick Scavenging with some "visual effect" under the text log 

==Revision 849==
  # (minor) FS: Added flag to preferences to allow the user to hide the new HCS last 3 chat section.
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the hide HCS Guild Info functionality so you can hide the online members, last 3 chat, or a combination of the two.
  # (minor) FS: Added widgets to the Guild Info Online Members panel (defaults on and can be turned off). Players online within 2 mins will color green, white is 2-5 mins and gray is >5 mins). Also made it so you can't play with yourself (well at least M, ST or T - any other playing around with yourself will have to be self regulated - I hear it can make you go blind).
  # (minor) FS: Added a crude workaround to get the relic screen working again. The hidden code HCS has for that page marks it as a "guild" screen - subscreen "dochat". Weird. Let me know if you see any other helper functionality not working as expected (Tangtop).

==Revision 847==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Ally/Enemy List, and HCS Guild Online Player list to stay in a constant place.  Similar to what we see in SS2.

==Revision 846==
  # (minor) FS: Added buff all link on relic defense screen and group screen so you can buff all defenders or all members of a group using the quick buff screen. issue 713
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked player links on the groups page so the screen loads a little faster and also made it so the links are faster too (they don't cause a player search on the server).
  # (minor) FS: Added quests from level 645 to 710 (thanks to fallenswordguide.com).
  # (minor) FS: Added some missing item data (for inventory screens - 10 new items).

==Revision 844==
  # (minor) FS: Fix to QuickBuff screen to open consistently with the helper or native online guild list (i.e. show data from the target profile page (stats, stam, etc). Also increased the opening size of the quick buff screen to keep it consistent too.
  # (minor) FS: Moved where the "you gain a level" message shows when using quick kill. issue 703
  # (minor) FS: Removed the New? box code (cleanup). issue 711
  # (minor) FS: Tidied up the bulk sell AH slots message to clear up confusion when the right number of slots does not show up. issue 706


==Revision 842==
  # (Major) SS2: Added Component Summary under the Components in Datasheet
  # (minor) SS2: Clean up some code for DataSheet screen

==Revision 841==
  # (Minor) FS: Added Second option to disable the HCS Guild Online Players List. (so you can have the ability to keep both disabled)

==Revision 840==
  # (Minor) FS: Set option that turns on the FSH Version of the Guild Online Players List to disable the HCS version so only one of the two shows.

==Revision 839==
  # (Major) FS: Repaired Allies/Enemies List, Guild Chat, and Guild Online Players after recent HCS addition of Guild Online Players, However haven't figured out how to hide HCS's Version yet.

==Revision 838==
  # (Major) FS: Added quick Scavenging (issue 210, 291, 496, 517)
  # (minor) FS: Added backpack counter in Scavenging combat screen (if you ever go there again)

==Revision 837==
  # (minor) FS, SS2: Tweaked function used for AH/TH Quick Search to shorten and clean the code.

==Revision 836==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for offline relic defender activity check. Previously checked in version did not return the list of offline relic defenders correctly. issue 705.

==Revision 834==
  # (minor) SS2: Added default value for quickLinks

==Revision 833==
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked quick kill display so that if you gain/lose a level, it should show up in the subtext for the fight in which it happened. issue 703
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the relic defense calculator to add in Nightmare Visage and Flinch calculations. Comments welcome. issue 704
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked the offline relic defenders list so that it only checks for players that have been active less than 7 days. issue 705

==Revision 831==
  # (minor) FS: add default value for quickLinks

==Revision 830==
  # (Major) FS: Ported quick AH Preference template, access from the Search Preference in AH
  # (Major) FS: Ported Quick Message template manager to replace the direct value editor 
  # (Major) FS: Added meta function generateManageTable from SS2.

==Revision 829==
  # (Major) SS2: Added Quick Message template manager to replace the direct value editor
  # (Major) SS2: Added meta function generateManageTable that managed any types of stored array of objects. Replaced code that managing TH Preference template, Quick TH Search, Quick Links, Quick Message template by this meta function.

==Revision 828==
  # (Major) SS2: Added quick TH Preference template, access from the Search Preference in TH

==Revision 827==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated Relic hover overs with information about the 5 newest relics, locations, and paths to get there, may have typo's, please post to forum if so.

==Revision 826==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated Calculate Relic Defense to allow for calculating of Relic Defense for Relics you currently own.  Not 100% pretty but it works.

==Revision 825==
  # (minor) SS2: In Blueprint Manager, changed [Refresh] to parse only unknown blueprints. Use [Reset] to reparse all blueprints.
  # (minor) SS2: Added maximum number of blueprint displayed in Blueprint Manager to 20 to render the page faster. Please use filters to customize the displayed blueprints.

==Revision 824==
  # (minor) FS: issue 699. Added functionality to be able to quick send items to a specified player. Needs to be configured in preferences before use. Thanks for yuuzhan for submitting the code.
  # (minor) FS: minor tweaks to FS data, typos in the relic data and added two more items to the item list.

==Revision 821==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated Mission Manager for 151-160 Missions.

==Revision 820==
  # (minor) FS: Added function to show countdown timer for stamina gain in the title bar. Defaults to on (disable on the preferences screen). issue 690
  # (minor) FS: Minor fix to code to remove hard coding of www.fallensword.com so that no matter what server the user is on the quick drop and bulk sell functions do not return 404 errors if www.fallensword.com is down. issue 689

==Revision 818==
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Fixed time check in Guild/Faction log summary.
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Fixed order of FSBox/SigmaBox log displayed from recently seen to older messages.

==Revision 817==
  # (minor) FS: minor performance tweak to the world screen. Should improve performance slightly whether you use the donotkill list or not. issue 687
  # (minor) FS: another tweak to the issue with the fast recall error messages. I need people who were having weird errors to keep testing for me. issue 679

==Revision 815==
  # (minor) SS2: Added lvl gain in advisor. These numbers are valid for 7-day summary only, with the assumption that all members have 25% tax rate.

==Revision 814==
  # (minor) FS: Ported Self-Recall page to easily recall guild items on yourself, access from [SR] link next to Guild Store
  # (minor) SS2: Clean up some code

==Revision 813==
  # (Major) SS2,FS: Added log for recently seen FSBox, SigmaBox messages with the [log] link in the Box. Disable from Preference/Config page.
  # (Major) SS2,FS: Added guild/faction log summary that collects 15 pages of log into one page for easy searching.

==Revision 812==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported Calculate Defenders Stat for artifact from FS
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed shortcut '=' to be able to view artifact if you are sitting on it.

==Revision 811==
  # (minor) FS: Minor fix for the select all option. issue 671

==Revision 808==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issues created on the arena screen with the addition of the Epic column. Added ability to sort by Epic column. issue 678.
  # (minor) FS: Code rearrangement, made all the level filters use common code to make it easier to add level filters in the future. Arena and Online player filters should still work as they used to.
  # (minor) FS: Added level filters to both the inventory screens (and removed the show only useable checkbox) so that players can now filter gear by levels. issue 119.
  # (minor) FS: Added more error messaging code for many of the "fast" functions (fast recall, bulk auction, quick drop) to try and figure out what the problem is. It is up to players now to help me debug this issue based on the error messages they see.
  # (minor) FS: Added select all link to the profile screen to enable users to quickly select all 12 items for shifting between folders. issue 671.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed a quest level.
  # (minor) FS: Added 3 items to memory.

==Revision 806==
  # (minor) SS2: Added artifact data (viewable when mouseover the Artifact image in Artifact list).

==Revision 805==
  # (Major) FS: Ported from SS2: Guild Inventory Manager is clickable, click on an item will go to the report page with that item filtered; click on (set) will search for items of the same set (issue 669)

==Revision 804==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated Mission Manager for new Content  

==Revision 803==
  # (minor) FS: Updated the script so that it works when you click on the upgrades page when you go to it via the purple dots button at the top of the screen. issue 311
  # (minor) FS: Added quick links to Trade and Secure trade to enable users to select different catagories of items (all, all plants, individual plants). Work in progress. I hope to make it work for all guild items, and different potions too. Thought is required before doing more though.

==Revision 801==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported functionality to bulk list items on the AH from FS. Works for one type of item at a time. Does not differentiate between different augmentation levels or FE (engineering) levels (so use at own risk). Defaults to disabled, you have to toggle a Config to turn it on.
  # (minor) SS2: Added Shortcut key "I" (shift+i) to remove Mental Strength for Purists. 

==Revision 800==
  # (Major) FS: Added functionality to bulk list items on the AH. Works for one type of item at a time (so more suited to potion sellers). Does not differentiate between different forge levels or FF levels (so use at own risk - to the bulk list functionality a uncrafted 0FF Sword of Ursa is the same as a Perfect 5FF one - this is because of the way HCS labels their items). Defaults to disabled, you have to toggle a preference to turn it on. Need some testers please. I have tested this listing some potions, but would appreciate if others tested it too. issue 311.
  # (minor) FS: Updated player online list to remove duplicates (I think).

==Revision 798==
  # (minor) FS: Slight tweak to display on groups page. All player names are now links, and the online/offline icons show up, rather than coloring the name of the player green.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed typo in data file for Oneupmanship quest. issue 636

==Revision 796==
  # (minor) FS: Added some more FS data, 2 quests (level 6 and 8), some relic data and 1 item. issue 636 and issue 664.

==Revision 794==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed faction chat position
  # (minor) SS2: Improved display in faction report search
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed a bug in Psi Shield hp display

==Revision 793==
  # (Major) SS2: Added Self-Recall page to easily recall faction items on yourself, access from [SR] link next to Faction Store (issue 189)
  # (Major) SS2: Added Search for item of the same set, access from Faction Inventory
  # (minor) SS2: Ported Quick Drop (INSTANTLY DROP THE ITEM. NO REFUNDS OR DO-OVERS! Use at own risk.)
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed bug when player name is part of the faction item name (issue 603)

==Revision 792==
  # (minor) SS2: Small typo correction.

==Revision 791==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Bugs from r789

==Revision 790==
  # (minor) SS2: Revert to r788 (r789 contains bugs that can't be installed)

==Revision 789==
  # (minor) SS2: Adjusted color coding for Faction Locked Information in Inventory Managers

==Revision 788==
  # (minor) SS2: Added Faction Locked information to the Inventory Manager(issue 424)

==Revision 787==
  # (minor) FS,SS2: Fixed bug appeared in FF3.5 when refreshing online players (issue 634)

==Revision 786==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported Ally/Enemy online list (similar to the guild online list). It defaults to off (so you have to turn it on to use it) and a 60s refresh. You can seperately turn on either your ally list or your enemy list. Allies are blue, enemies are red. (issue 414)
  # (minor) SS2: Ported code to update the online faction list if you are on the Faction>Manage page
  # (minor) SS2: Added player class to the hover over text for the faction members online (issue 653)

==Revision 785==
  # (minor) SS2: Added Shortcut key "i" to cast Mental Strength for Purists.

==Revision 784==
  # (minor) FS: Minor bug fix for arena so that current combat moves show up for arenas with specials. Looks like HCS has a minor typo in their latest arena update that broke this functionality. All fixed now.

==Revision 782==
  # (Major) FS: Added Ally/Enemy online list (similar to the guild online list). It defaults to off (so you have to turn it on to use it) and a 60s refresh. You can seperately turn on either your ally list or your enemy list. Allies are blue, enemies are red. issue 414.

==Revision 780==
  # (minor) SS2: Added PSI Shield warning message on commbat display

==Revision 779==
  # (minor) FS: Added code to update the online guild list if you are on the Guild>Manage page (i.e. while we are looking at the page, update the list and the timer). I doubt anyone will notice this change.
  # (minor) FS: Added a few items to the data list that were missing.

==Revision 777==
  # (Major) FS: Added bounty tracking system. Defaults off - go to preferences to turn it on. Two parts to this upgrade - both panels on the sidebar of the main screen. 1) A way to track active bounties (any bounty you are currently attempting), and 2) A way to track specific players when they appear on the bounty screen. issue 640.

==Revision 775==
  # (minor) FS: Added minor change to send gold function to keep track of how much gold has been sent. Player can manually reset the total on the preferences screen. issue 628.

==Revision 773==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Error that Revision 772 caused.

==Revision 772==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated Mission Manager for levels 5-100 to include starting locations for most missions.

==Revision 771==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated Mission Manager for 131-140 Missions.

==Revision 769==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed bug prevent moving items among folders (issue 625)

==Revision 767==
  # (Major) SS2: Added Quick Use shortcut keys "{", "}", "|" on World screen. These shortcuts will use items configed by Quick Use Manager, accessed from DataSheet page. These shortcuts can be used to quickly load ammo, use health pack, etc.
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed quick wear when there are mission items in backpack
  # (minor) SS2: Cleaned up some code

==Revision 766==
  # (minor) SS2: Ported Take All from mailbox button from FS
  # (Major) SS2: Added Import/Export Config, access from Config page (issue 454)

==Revision 765==
  # (minor) FS: Added take all from mailbox button. issue 611

==Revision 763==
  # (minor) SS2: Added lvl filter for Faction Inventory Manager

==Revision 761==
  # (Major) SS2: Added shortcut key 't' to quick-buy item in shop. You will need to select an item in the item selector before using the shortcut key 't'.

==Revision 758==
  # (minor) SS2: Added filter in Quick Wear Manager (enable filter to easily access stims, health packs)

==Revision 757==
  # (minor) SS2: Added Shortcut key k to fill a Mind Stone for Purists.
  # (minor) SS2: Added Shortcut key K to fill a Mind Shard for Purists.

==Revision 756==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor bug with the world screen combat logs inadvertantly introduced in the last update.

==Revision 754==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed footprint and minimap broken after the Behemoth appearance
  # (minor) SS2: Added item stats to the Quick Wear Manager (you need to refresh Inventory Manager before you see the stats there)

==Revision 751==
  # (minor) SS2: Edited mission manager data as the level 45-50 missions weren't correct.

==Revision 750==
  # (minor) FS: Added CA level needed info to combat evaluation. It will now give information about the CA level needed to 1-hit the creature you are looking at. issue 584
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked layout of links on log screen to move ignore link to a less frequented area. issue 598
  # (minor) FS: Another fix for the issue with log message coloring regarding to bounty completion messages. I am pretty sure I have fixed this one now. issue 582
  # (minor) FS: Fixed typo with Mesmerize buff data file. issue 597
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked code so that the combat log will always show for the fight where an imp dies (i.e. so you can quick look at the log and see why your imp died). This shows regardless of the show combat log setting.
  # (minor) FS: Added a couple of items missing from the data list.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed type errors when page didn't load (displayedMap and logTable).
  # (minor) FS: Added debug message for quick drop (to help debug the error message some others are seeing).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed mouseover typo on the preferences screen for the chat top to bottom option.

==Revision 748==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated mission manager data for lvl 121-130 missions (issue 605) 

==Revision 747==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quick wear/use/extract Manager (shortcut "v") not display items not from main folder.

==Revision 746==
  # (Major) FS & SS2: Added quick wear/use/extract Manager (shortcut v, or Quick Wear from profile/datasheet page)
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed name of credit and FC in auction template (issue 602)

==Revision 745==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed Guild Advisor of previous days
  # (minor) FS: Added [Select All],[Select None] on Inventory Manager, some code optimization.

==Revision 744==
  # (Major) SS2: Added minimal personal status in the Config page. When your attack, defense, armor, damage, HP, skill power do not meet these minimal requirement, they will turn red on the world screen. Also, the back pack status will be red if it is full.

==Revision 743==
  # (Major) FS & SS2: Added 7-day summary in Guild/Faction Advisor (issue 52)

==Revision 742==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed quick extract when your components are full
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed skill power in world screen, added bp information

==Revision 741==
  # (minor) FS: Added quest tracker. It will track a specific quest where you have to kill x numbers of creatures and will display a summary of your progress on the world screen if you have it enabled. Enabled from the individual quest screen, disabled from the world screen or the quest screen (of the one being tracked). issue 359
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the member list refresh. It will now refresh correctly every 300 seconds if the guild online list is not enabled. Should fix the issues seen with the advisor and relic calculator. I also added some fixes for people that are not in guilds. issue 460, issue 592
  # (minor) FS: Added CA level to the check buffs section on the world screen (i.e. an easy indicator to show if you have CA enabled). I also tweaked the colors of the Imp count monitor ... it should progress to red as you get closer to 0.
  # (minor) FS: Tried to fix layout of Calculate Defender Stats button on relic page.
  # (minor) FS: Added some items missing from the database of items (for wear location lookup).

==Revision 739==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Config page layout

==Revision 738==
  # (minor) SS2: Added visible personal data (atk, def, arm, dmg, hp, skill power) to world screen

==Revision 737==
  # (minor) SS2: Added quick select all resources / stims of the same type in backpack in DataSheet page (similar to BackPack page)
  # (minor) SS2: Added quick use item / extract resource in backpack

==Revision 736==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated mission manager data for lvl 111-120 missions ( issue 586)
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed quick class-skill buff to response within the page
  # (minor) SS2: Faction Inventory Manager is clickable, click on an item will go to the report page with that item filtered (should port to FS)

==Revision 735==
  # (minor) FS: Another fix to issue 582.

==Revision 733==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor bug in log messages if someone completed a bounty you listed. issue 582

==Revision 731==
  # (minor) FS: Added scout tower info to the Titan screen so you can get to all the information quickly from the main screen. issue 580.

==Revision 729==
  # (minor) FS: Added check and calculation for the constitution buff to the calculate relic stats page. It also lists the effective defense for DC225 and DC175 (saves you having to calculate it yourself). issue 578
  # (minor) FS: Added coloring to the AH screen if one of your guild mages (green), allies (blue) or enemies (red) has a current bid on an item. issue 565

==Revision 727==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed minimap broken again.

==Revision 726==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minimap broken, fixed big world map not showing current posision.

==Revision 725==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed footprint broken after FS Titan update.

==Revision 724==
  # (minor) FS & SS2: Fixed minimap (shortcut key 'n') broken after FS Titan update.

==Revision 722==
  # (minor) FS: Added quick drop functionality. It defaults to "Off". You turn it on via the manage page (link at the top), there is a confirmation dialog when you turn the link on. THIS IS AN INSTANT QUICK DROP. Use it carefully. NO REFUNDS. If you don't like this feature, don't turn it on! issue 344, issue 427

==Revision 721==
  # (minor) SS2: Cleaned up some code (removed relics, IMP & CA, arena related code)
  # (minor) SS2: Changed Combat Evaluation to some more reasonable formula

==Revision 720==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported TH Quick Search from FS. Maximum of 20 items can show up and you can configure the list that shows up on the TH quick search screen.

==Revision 718==
  # (minor) FS: Updated text on AH for Crystalline items to show durabiilty without having to mouseover. issue 481

==Revision 716==
  # (minor) FS: Added option to option quick links in a new window. issue 442
  # (minor) FS: Fixed typo for the Bloodthirst buff. Any existing buff packs including this buff will need to be recreated to calculate the total stam cost of the buff pack correctly. issue 563
  # (minor) FS: The guild member list updates every 5 mins if have the guild online list disabled (so correct lvls/ranks show in Advisor). issue 475
  # (minor) FS: Indicate on the creature evaluator if a lower level CA can be used. Note this only applies to the creature being viewed, not all creatures of that type, so viewer discretion is advised. issue 186

==Revision 714==
  # (minor) FS: Added auto sort to AH when you search for an item to sort by min bid when you first run the search instead of sorting by time remaining. issue 83
  # (minor) FS: Added trim to hunting buffs in case a player puts a space at either end of each buff. issue 561

==Revision 712==
  # (minor) FS: If buff master buff is active, added the time remaining on buff as of when the window was opened. issue 557
  # (minor) FS: Fixed typo for the Assist buff. Any existing buff packs including this buff will need to be recreated to calculate the total stam cost of the buff pack correctly. issue 556
  # (minor) FS: Added quest info for levels 597-645 (thanks to andypearce). issue 558
  # (minor) FS: Fix AH sorts when you are looking at a players auctions. issue 195

==Revision 710==
  # (minor) FS: Added an as-you-click stamina counter that sums up how much stamina you will use for the currently selected buffs. issue 495.

==Revision 709==
  # (minor) SS2: Ported from FS: "Bid no Refresh" button to the TH.  If you use this button it will place your bid, but not refresh the screen (similar to fast wear, fast take, etc).
  # (minor) SS2: Ported from FS: On the page where you spend your FC, I removed the ability to sell 1FC for 1k credit and put a link to the crystal market. I also added counters to both the + energy boxes that will show you how many stam you will get for the FC you type in (capped at the amount you have on hand).
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed squad page, now it will display the local time that each squad will expire, an indicator of the min join level you have set for your squad, the level of leader, color the squad leader green if they were online, add button to show squad stats.

==Revision 707==
  # (minor) FS: Update to Quick Buff screen. Buff Packs can now have nicknames and show the total stamina required to cast the pack. Old packs will still work, but will not show a nickname or stamina total. Only new packs will show this data. issue 428

==Revision 705==
  # (minor) FS: Update to Online Players list to show guildless players. issue 477.

==Revision 704==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed issue with Blueprint Manager that doesn't display Items and Target

==Revision 702==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with new stamina calculator on the upgrade page if you had more than 999 FSP on hand (damn commas - wish I had more than 999 FSP and actually had this issue).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with relic calculator when one of the defenders was terminated or their profile no longer exists (although I am not sure what happens if the lead defender is terminated). This was happening at the Blue Chasm. issue 516.
  # (minor) FS: Hid the list of offline defenders if you did not own the relic (i.e. it is only for figuring out who is not currently defending an already held relic - it is pointless if you do not hold it).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed level for Harvest quest (typo). issue 550.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor error when looking at an expired or terminated player.

==Revision 700==
  # (minor) FS: Added "Bid no Refresh" button to the AH. If you use this button it will place your bid, but not refresh the screen (similar to fast wear, fast take, etc). issue 530.
  # (minor) FS: On the page where you spend your FSP, I removed the ability to sell 1FSP for 50k gold and put a link to the marketplace. I also added counters to both the + stam boxes that will show you how many stam you will get for the FSP you type in (capped at the amount you have on hand).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor bug. issue 539

==Revision 698==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with Inventory Manager (personal and guild), that caused the wrong stats to be retrieved if a set was being worn. issue 345.
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug with creature kill evaluator that used a static doubler level of 500 rather than the current doubler level to calculate the extra stamina being used.
  # (minor) FS: Added a timer for both the inventory managers as both these functions have a lot of page hits (especially with large inventories). Guild inventory is set at 15 mins between refreshes, personal inventory 5 mins between refreshes. It also gives a count in seconds of how much longer you have to wait before you can refresh again. I applied this countdown to the Online Player page also.

==Revision 697==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated mission manager data for lvl 101-110 missions ( issue 545)

==Revision 696==
  # (minor) SS2: Add hit/miss/reload log, before-combat ammo (if you use weapon with ammo) to the quick combat result
  # (minor) SS2: Correct the after-combat HP calculation (use the HP from animation script)
  # (minor) SS2: Add current player stats to the combat log (hopefully someone will use it to derive the correct formula for SS2)

==Revision 695==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported from FS filters in Faction Inventory Manager and Personal Inventory Manager so you can filter out certain types of items.

==Revision 693==
  # (Major) FS: Added filters to the Guild Inventory Manager and the Personal Inventory Manager so you can filter out certain types of items (e.g. don't show me any Runes, etc). These filters all default to "show" so there should be no change to how things are displayed as default.
  # (minor) FS: Updated a few items that were missing from the data file and updated code to deal with extra spaces at the start and end of item names (which HCS does sometimes).

==Revision 692==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated mission manager data for lvl 91-100 missions (issue 540)
  # (minor) SS2: Addition to credits

==Revision 690==
  # (Major) FS: Updated code for View Creature page to provide a section for "Can my group kill this" (Group Combat Evaluator). This will only show up if the player has a group and will include the same logic as used for the single player combat evaluator. issue 296
  # (Major) FS: Updated creature evaluator to include Flinch, Nightmare Visage and Super Elite Slayer (only for super elites). issue 537.

==Revision 689==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed player stats calculator bug when set does not have 3 pieces

==Revision 688==
  # (minor) SS2: Ported Fast Cancel in My Auctions screen
  # (minor) SS2: Ported Fast Take in Mailbox screen
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Backpack Manager (issue 529)
  # (minor) SS2: Added more shortcut (shift + 6 to 9) for changing combat set (issue 474)

==Revision 686==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed minor bug with Fast Cancel for the AH. Only the first page was showing up the Fast Cancel functionality. issue 528

==Revision 684==
  # (minor) FS: Added Fast Take to Mailbox screen. issue 409
  # (minor) FS: Added Fast Cancel to My Auctions screen. issue 266
  # (minor) FS: Fixed extremely minor bug that showed up if you tried to list an auction but had no slots left.

==Revision 683==
  # (minor) Add ingame shortcut keys and links description in the wiki page (wiki/index)

==Revision 679==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed bug not able to move items to folder (issue 518)

==Revision 678==
  # (minor) FS: Added preference for auto sorting arena listings. Defaults to off. issue 502
  # (minor) FS: Hid the HCS added "Trade" link. The two options are now "Trade" (Regular Trade) and "ST" (Secure Trade). issue 504 and issue 506
  # (minor) FS: Hid the "Wear" link for non-wearable gear (e.g. plants). issue 493 and issue 511
  # (minor) FS: Removed Death Dealer and Vision from the skills that go gray if less than 75 points is invested. issue 480


==Revision 677==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed fast take / fast wear function not working after the stackable update
  # (minor) SS2: Remove "1/1" under items in profile inventory, faction store

==Revision 676==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed quest data (issue 501)
  # (minor) FS: Added more shortcut (shift + 6 to 9) for changing combat set (issue 474)
  # (minor) FS: Added arena sort by State (Open / In Progress)  (issue 499)

==Revision 675==
  # (Major) FS: Add arena lvl filter, remember arena sort criteria from last view

==Revision 674==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed rank player button (issue 484)
  # (minor) SS2: Ported reset faction list from FS: allows you to reset the saved memberlist if you are having issues with it.

==Revision 673==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed error if you have no enemies or allies

==Revision 672==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Reply|Trade|... links in log (issue 483)
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed ally color in chat (issue 482)

==Revision 669==
  # (minor) SS2: (Ported from FS) Tweaked log coloring so more log messages show colored names if they are guildmates, allies or enemies. Also added [ Reply | etc | Buff ] links to more messages. Also made it so that [ Reply | etc | Buff ] is not split between lines (looked funny to me). Also removed ignore link for guildmates (that would just be rude).

==Revision 668==
  # (Major) SS2: Added evolution stat calculator in player's profile
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed large map not display current position (issue 457)

==Revision 666==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for imp counter caused by bug in feature added in r663 where you stay on the world screen if you remove a buff. issue 50

==Revision 664==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed error in world screen when you don't have any buffs on

==Revision 663==
  # (Major) FS: After removing a buff from the world screen it will stay on the world screen (and refresh the page). issue 50
  # (minor) Added scroll bars to quick buff screen. issue 429
  # (minor) FS: Added stam cost as mouseover on quickbuff screen. issue 142

==Revision 661==
  # (minor) FS: Added Active arena count to arena screen. issue 257
  # (minor) FS: Fixed mouseover on X's on the guild manage page so it looks like it does on the profile page.
  # (minor) FS: Added links on creature page to FSG and Wiki. issue 209

==Revision 659==
  # (Major) FS: New feature for create auction screen to show the item you are auctioning on the 2nd page of the auction screen (where you decide how much to list it for).
  # (minor) FS: Fix for Fast Wear when you have no enemies. issue 431
  # (minor) FS: Fix for Creature page kill evaluator for HF buff. issue 473
  # (minor) FS: Fix for do not kill list to deal with creatures that have extra spaces at the start and end of their names.

==Revision 658==
  # (Major) SS2: Added quick select button at the end of trade/send page (easier for repairers to send items back)

==Revision 657==
  # (minor) SS2: Updated mission manager data for lvl 81-90 missions (issue 472)

==Revision 653==
  # (minor) FS: Tweaked log coloring so more log messages show colored names if they are guildmates, allies or enemies. Also added [ Reply | etc | Buff ] links to more messages. Also made it so that [ Reply | etc | Buff ] is not split between lines (looked funny to me). Also removed ignore link for guildmates (that would just be rude).
  # (minor) FS: Added button to online guild list that allows you to reset the saved memberlist if you are having issues with it (we had quite a few bug reports and until we track it down we are providing a means to reset it). Reseting the list will force it to refresh on a new page load (so most of the time you won't notice a difference). issue 460.
  # (minor) FS: Added wrapper to detect if you have no enemies or allies to enable fast wear to work. issue 431.
  # (minor) FS: Added local time that each group will expire to the display.

==Revision 652==
  # (minor) Code cleanup.

==Revision 651==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed faction history editor (enable character count, preview update on keypress, remove breaks)

==Revision 650==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed quick heal (h) and map quick action (=) disabled after r649.

==Revision 649==
  # (minor) Some code cleanup.

==Revision 648==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed footprints in large map (issue 457)

==Revision 646==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed error refreshing Faction Inventory with resource (issue 450)

==Revision 645==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported from FS functionality to the list auction page so that you can create auction templates (Length/Currency/MinBid/BuyNow) that can be applied. You can have up to 10 templates, the default one is 48 hours, 1FC MinBid, 1FC BuyOut.

==Revision 643==
  # (minor) FS: Another quick bug fix for the AH modifications made in r636. If you did not have any quick searches set up to display on AH, then the AH screen would not show craft or FF values.

==Revision 641==
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to hide arena prizes. Simply add the itemId to a comma separated list on the preferences screen and the item will be hidden. You can see the itemID by mousing over the item on the arena page. issue 321
  # (minor) FS: Fixed bug that broke fast wear when you had no allies or enemies. issue 431
  # (minor) FS: Added separator line to recipie manager and cleaned the layout up a little. issue 441

==Revision 638==
  # (minor) FS: Bug fix for AH quick search saving of the text area introducted in r636. Text area will not save without this fix.

==Revision 636==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed AH template enhancements so that you can delete the default template and also enter templates with null buy now values. issue 439.
  # (Major) FS: Fixed the AH quick search so that the grid on the AH screen is editable. Maximum of 18 items can show up and you can configure the list that shows up on the AH quick search screen. I added a new parameter called "displayOnAH" and this has to be set for a quick search to show up on the AH page. Hopefully this should not be too hard for people to figure out how to use. You can always reset your AH quick search page to get a list to show up (make sure you save your old one first to notepad or something). issue 300

==Revision 633==
  # (minor) Fixed case where a backslash ("\") would break drop item page (issue 449).
  # (minor) Fixed inventory manager to also wipe backslashes.

==Revision 632==
  # (minor) SS2: Add item class to Inventory Manager and update "Useable Items" to use class information

==Revision 631==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Inventory Manager not work with empty folder (issue 437)

==Revision 630==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed advisor sorting (issue 434)

==Revision 629==
  # (minor) FS: Ported lvl and rank column in advisor (issue 98)

==Revision 628==
  # (minor) SS2: Added lvl and rank column in advisor (issue 98)

==Revision 626==
  # (Major) FS: Added functionality to the list auction page so that you can create auction templates (Length/Currency/MinBid/BuyNow) that can be applied. You can have up to 10 templates, the default one is 48 hours, 1FSP MinBid, 1FSP BuyOut. Closest we will get I think to fixing issue 311.
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to the AH quick search to make adding and removing searches from there easier. You can now add and delete individual searches. issue 11.
  # (minor) FS: Added functionality to the log so that if you get outbid in the AH, it adds a link straight to "My Bids". issue 173

==Revision 625==
  # (Major) SS2: Added class-skill quick cast popup when click on class icon next to Skill Power bar (top right) (issue 433)

==Revision 623==
  # (minor) Fixed issue with "Show Only Useable Items" is one level out (issue 432)

==Revision 619==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the issue that guild chat/log widgets can fail if the user has guild online list disabled or if the user doesn't have a guild (issue 421).
  # (minor) FS: Added coloring to the logs if an ally or enemy sends you a message (Blue for Ally, Red for Enemy). Only works if you first visit the Profile page (issue 295).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed the issue with Arena moves no longer showing on the join screen (issue 394).

==Revision 618==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported fast wear from FS

==Revision 617==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Backpack Manager (not show wearable items in backpack before)

==Revision 616==
  # (Major) Make entity log sortable with default sort by level and with larger image tooltip (issue 416)
  # (minor) SS2: fixed a time display format in combat log

==Revision 615==
  # (Major) Added option to quick send money to another player from the world screen (issue 167)
  # (minor) SS2: Ported bio compression from FS
  # (minor) SS2: Changed warning message for "Do Not Kill List" to cyan from blue.

==Revision 614==
  # (minor) Inventory Manager (personal/guild/faction) cosmetic changes
  # (minor) Inventory Manager fix for when an item is removed from GS when parsing (issue 411)
  # (minor) Changed warning message for "Do Not Kill List" to blue, to avoid confusing with Super Elite (issue 415)

==Revision 613==
  # (Major) FS: Ported template in private message screen (issue 379)

==Revision 612==
  # (Major) SS2: Added template in private message screen (issue 379)

==Revision 611==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed error in popup pages (e.g. quick buff).

==Revision 610==
  # (Major) SS2: Ported preview player's infor in quick buff screen (may need a reinstall to get calfSystem updated)
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed the quick-change combat set

==Revision 607==
  # (minor) Added more firefox related browsers in browser detection.
  # (minor) Fix for guild online list error when a new member is added to the guild.

==Revision 606==
  # (minor) Fixes for autoupdate.

==Revision 605==
  # (minor) Code cleanup
  # (minor) Remove deleted players from the online guild members list (issue 397)
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed autoupdate going to the wrong script to update. Everyone who has a problem with updating Sigma Storm Helper this should go click here [<a href="http://fallenswordhelper.googlecode.com/svn-history/r606/trunk/sigmastormhelper.user.js">direct installation</a>] instead of pressing ok.

==Revision 602==
  # (minor) FS. issue 384. Bio Compressor. Shortens other players bio's and puts a More ... link so you can expand the rest of the bio (so you don't have to scroll to the bottom of the page for long bios). Defaults to off, default settings for bio to show are 1500 characters or 25 lines (whichever is shorter) and you can change these settings.
  # (minor) FS. Tweaked size and layout of quick buff screen to make it fit better (I hope). issue 373.
  # (minor) FS. Added missing items to the internal list for the inventory manager. issue 375. Also added debug message for the exact item name that does not link for inventory manager.

==Revision 601==
  # (Major) I think I finally fixed the auto update issue! (latest victim was in issue 390)

==Revision 600==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed guild group creation
  # (minor) SS2: Added guild group creation / go to guild keyboard shortcuts

==Revision 599==
  # (minor) Added commas to the online members XP mouseover.

==Revision 598==
  # (Major) FS: Changed keyboard shortcuts: "g" (lower case) goes to guild, "G" (upper case) creates a group.
  # (minor) SS2: Updated Mission Manager (issue 396)

==Revision 597==
  # (Major) Logged in status remains for 30 seconds (issue 41)
  # (minor) Cleaned up some code (date serialization, storing JSON values)

==Revision 596==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed quick kill - it should now point to monsters (entities) instead of players! (issue 388 and issue 389)

==Revision 595==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed missing function in Preferences (showMonsterLog)

==Revision 594==
  # (minor) Added option to disable monster coloring
  # (minor) FS: Fixed coloring of Super Elites (hopefully - I haven't seen any SE yet :))
  # (minor) Made links to the site more prominent.
  # (minor) Changed the default for quick kill to true (this will affect new players mostly - I hope all current players know you can enable quick kill [not quick kill by type - that's gone!] from preferences).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed issue with image not appearing on mouseover of the "view creature" button.
  # (minor) Fixed cosmetic issues with monster log.
  # (minor) Fixed issue with not parsing monster stats larger than 1000 (issue 382). Of course existing data will still be corrupt.

==Revision 592==
  # (minor) SS2: Correct link to monster log in menu

==Revision 591==
  # (Major) FS: Ported monster log (creature log) from SS2.
  # (Major) FS: Ported monster highlight (elites etc) from SS2.
  # (Major) SS2: Ported no kill list from FS.
  # (Major) SS2: Added filtering for level and item type to Blueprint Manager.
  # (minor) Added monster log (creature/entity log) to menu (when enabled).
  # (minor) SS2: Added item type to backpack manager (as in FS, but data is provided by SS2 itself, no reason for any external data, as in FS).

==Revision 589==
  # (minor) FS: Updated script to prevent do not kill from showing creature in red if you are not using the quick kill function. The do not kill functionality only works if you are using the keyboard to kill and only if quick kill is enabled (issue 376).

==Revision 588==
  # (minor) SS2: fixed the quick-change combat set (shortcut Shift+1, etc.) after the update

==Revision 587==
  # (Major) FS: Modified Inventory Manager (personal and guild) to add data from rubicksman's item list. You can now view and sort by where the item is and also by item type (gloves, helmet etc).
  # (minor) FS: Cut down fsData.js for size.
  # (minor) FS: Removed inventory html, which was not used anywhere but was making the collected data way too big (4 MB for my guild, cut down to 0.4MB after that).

==Revision 585==
  # (minor) Re-added the second way to detect advisor page. Should only work in index.php (without ?xxx=yyy) now (issue 374).

==Revision 583==
  # (minor) FS: temp rollback of r582 FS change as it broke Profile and Arena pages. This will be updated again in a future update. issue 374.

==Revision 582==
  # (minor) Corrected issue with advisor (added a more generic way to detect the page - should work at most similar pages)

==Revision 580==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed rounding error with kill streak DD bonus (issue 163).
  # (minor) FS: Found error with Fast Wear when you only had 4 items in your bag after my last change so I fixed it (issue 363).
  # (minor) FS: Found error with do not kill list where it would not actually stop you from killing the critter (even though it said it did). Now you should not be able to kill any creature in your do not kill list (issue 170).

==Revision 577==
  # (minor) FS. Fixed quick wear if you had quest item or potion in your bag for items that showed up after that potion or quest item (issue 363).
  # (minor) FS. Added a do not kill list on the preferences screen. Comma separated list, the creature will show up as red on the world screen and also the keyboard functions for killing this type of creature have been blocked (you just get a message saying it is on your do not kill list) (issue 170).

==Revision 576==
  # (Major) Add shortcut "P" to go to profile page (issue 370).

==Revision 575==
  # (Major) Add shortcut ">" and "<" to navigate to next, previous pages where ">" and "<" are available (AH/TH, Logs, etc.)

==Revision 574==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Show Combat Log page

==Revision 573==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed too high and too low messages for crystal marketplace (issue 368).
  # (minor) FS: Fixed some formatting in recipe manager.

==Revision 572==
  # (minor) FS: Ported Recipe Manager (Blueprint manager) from SS2

==Revision 571==
  # (minor) SS2: fixed bio character counter and preview, fixed allies/enermies counters

==Revision 570==
  # (minor) Fixed SS2 precaching (had FS scripts).

==Revision 569==
  # (minor) At the suggestion of HCS, I added the creature/entity image in the view mouseover.

==Revision 568==
  # (Major) At the request of HCS, I removed the "click to bid/buyout" functionality.

==Revision 567==
  # (minor) SS2: fixed issue after the quick kill by type removal.

==Revision 566==
  # (Major) At the request of HCS, I removed the quick kill by type functionality.

==Revision 565==
  # (minor) Fixed issue with guilds having double spaces in their name. (issue 357)

==Revision 564==
  # (Major) SS2: add monster log to keep monster information (min, max stats), can be enable in Config menu

==Revision 563==
  # (minor) SS2: fix sorting in Faction Advisor (issue 305)

==Revision 561==
  # (minor) FS: add links to search current map in FSG and wiki on world page (issue 135)

==Revision 560==
  # (Major) FS: sync level filter function in online player list from SS2

==Revision 558==
  # (Major) SS2: add level filter in online player list, the list also remember last sorting order

==Revision 556==
  # (minor) FS. Fix for quick wear functionality if you have quest item or potion in your bags. Should work for all folders if enabled. issue 348.

==Revision 554==
  # (minor) FS. Added mouseover for relic picture on Guild>Relic List page with stats on the relic. If anyone sees any errors, please let me know (Tangtop) and I will fix them.

==Revision 553==
  # (minor) Fixed problem with mass message button (the value should be "Send As Mass" instead of "Send as Mass") (issue 326)
  # (minor) Fixed readability and action problems of the update dialog box (issue 342).

==Revision 552==
  # (Major) SS2: add shortcut key "=" to access the action in world map (view shop, use Medical Center, view Assembly, Engineering, Augmentation shop, view Bank, use stairway to other map)

==Revision 547==
  # (Minor) FS. Minor fix for "Fast Wear" functionality added in previous patch that caused a problem with moving items between bags. issue 253.

==Revision 545==
  # (Minor) FS. Profile screen. Added "Fast Wear" functionality on the profile screen similar to "Fast Take" function on the Guild Store page. issue 253.

==Revision 543==
  # (minor) Changes now are shown inline, not in an alert box. The window is scrollable, and Ok is always visible. (issue 330)
  # (minor) Some work to perhaps remove problems with the Helper not updating. I'm trying to manually download the scripts first. It works for me, but I never had that problem anyway. Someone else should test it.
  # (minor) Some synchronisation from FS to SS2 and vice versa (see the Character -> Preferences for example)

==Revision 542==
  # (minor) SS2: Synchornised SS2 with Quick Link function in SS
  # (minor) SS2: fix the incorrect name in links ([ Reply | Trade | ST | Ignore | Buff ]) for buffers

==Revision 540==
  # (minor) FS. Fixed fsData.js so the helper loads correctly.

==Revision 539==
  # (minor) FS: Added item list in fsData.js (not used right now)

==Revision 538==
  # (minor) FS. PvP arena - Added >> and << buttons to completed tournaments page to go to first and last page. Also updated the script to save arenas viewed here into the local variable for display on the view and join pages.

==Revision 536==
  # (minor) make minimap (shortcut key N) become smaller (mini) and load faster (using cache)
  # (minor) fix an error prevent clearing combat log when this log is large

==Revision 534==
  # (minor) FS. PvP arena - removed font size change. Added background coloring for new matches available since last visit. Tidied up title row [?] links.

==Revision 532==
  # (minor) SS2: fix the check of current hunting buffs, you will need to modify your setup in Config ("Data Processor, Researcher" etc.)

==Revision 531==
  # (Major) SS2: color champion, elite, HK monsters to green, yellow and red

==Revision 530==
  # (Major) Add shortcut key J to join all groups
  # (minor) SS2: fix chat log color for faction members

==Revision 529==
  # (Major) FS: Quick Link Manager: Go there to define quick links to easily go to prefered pages, without using the menu (issue 316)
  # (minor) FS: Cosmetic fixes for Buff Packs.
  # (minor) FS: Consistent quick buff window sizes (issue 320).
  # (minor) Some debug code to catch any errors with AH Quick Search
  # (minor) SS2: Updated mission manager data (issue 323).

==Revision 523==
  # (Major) Added shortcut key N to toggle mini-map within the current page

==Revision 521==
  # (minor) FS: Fix for hiding arena matches you already have the moves for (rows did not hide correctly before).
  # (minor) FS: issue 317. Fixed recall message from GS if bags are full. Also fixed recall from report page if GS is full or someone else already recalled the item.
  # (minor) FS: issue 306. Changed the color in the AH for Excellent items as it was hard to see the color against the background. Perfect now show up as green and Excellent show up as yellow.

==Revision 520==
  # (Major) FS: Add buff pack in Quick Buff page, add buttons to select all buffs, clear all.

==Revision 519==
  # (minor) Online Player only get the most recently online players (last 20% in FS, 33% in SS2), and disable refresh for 5 minutes (issue 315)

==Revision 516==
  # (minor) FS. PvP Arena change. Minor change to the columns that show up on the join or view results pages to only show the relevant ones (i.e. don't show players or state as they are old). Currently saved matches will not show up with this new method, but new ones will. Also on the join page it will show your current combat move setup (actual current setup, not the saved one).

==Revision 514==
  # (Major) FS - PvP Arena. The Helper now saves details on the arenas as you view them and then displays that info on the Join/View pages. This allows you to see on the join and results page details of the actual match (level, prize, specials, etc). It will only work for those arenas which you actually view in the first page and only saves the last 1000 (purges old ones as it goes)
  # (minor) FS - quick buff. Quest Finder would not color green correctly if you only had one point in the skill.
  # (minor) FS - calculate relic stats. issue 259. Added code to show any players in your guild not at the relic. This really is only useful for guilds who are guarding a relic and want to know who is not pulling their weight. Exceptions are made for levels where players use obscene amounts of stamina to return (e.g. Xind 400-420).

==Revision 512==
  # (Major) FS. On the pvp arena page, I added the ability to hide matches for moves you already have 3 of via a checkbox. Note that this function will not start working until you have visited the page that shows you how many of each move you have. I also removed the current combat moves setup off this screen as it had potential to show the wrong set of combat moves if you log in to more than one computer. I will do something about fixing this later.

==Revision 510==
  # (minor) Fixed sort by HP in guild inventory

==Revision 509==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed footprint
  # (minor) SS2: Added monster number

==Revision 508==
  # (minor) SS2: Add view online player page
  # (minor) SS2: Cleanup code

==Revision 506==
  # (minor) FS: Added quick change combat set to Fallen Sword as well.
  # (minor) Code cleanup.

==Revision 504==
  # (Major) SS2: Quick change combat set. Press Shift 1-5 to change to the relevant combat set (issue 307).
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed quick kill not working when view creature is off (issue 304).

==Revision 502==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed display of combat log (issue 218).
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed Trade Hub Credit detection (issue 298).
  # (minor) SS2: Enable hit-calculation in view creature page (issue 299).
  # (minor) Enable coloring of craft level in TH/AH (issue 280).

==Revision 500==
  # (minor) Removed debug code
  # (minor) Code cleanup
  # (minor) SS2: Cleaned SS from several FS literates (issue 294)
  # (minor) SS2: Cleaned up Character > Config (issue 294)
  # (minor) SS2: Config now displays which options will retrieve data from network. Disable the options with the network icon to gain speed.

==Revision 498==
  # (minor) Code clenaup
  # (minor) Fixed some coloring in SS2
  # (minor) Updated FS for default world page behavior.

==Revision 496==
  # (Major) Added Blueprint Manager in SS2. It has more functionality than the Recipe Manager in FS, as it also displays components for each blueprint.
  # (Major) The class icon (to the right) links to class skills.
  # (minor) Fixed issue where quick kill etc didn't display if a different world subpage was being displayd (e.g. when trying to move to a blocked map square)

==Revision 493==
  # (minor) FS: Fixed an issue with data from information boxes not displaying (e.g. in the quick kill mini report).
  # (minor) Code cleanup

==Revision 490==
  # (Major) SS2: Quick kills now change the HP meter after the monster has been killed (issue 279).
  # (minor) SS2: Quick Heal doesn't change screen, and displays the healed amount on screen (changes the HP meter) (issue 282).
  # (minor) Code cleanup

==Revision 488==
  # (Major) SS2: Quick Heal. If you have the relevant skill, click on the heart icon on the top left, or press "h" to quick heal (issue 231)
  # (minor) SS2: Stopped the Helper from running for the small iframe inside the area chat.

==Revision 487==
  # (Major) New link to see all online players (issue 125). Note that it takes a lot of time (not more than the Guild Inventory though), and because of that, it may contain wrong data (because player list changed by the time it finished parsing).
  # (minor) Fixed guild members list not showing (issue 272).

==Revision 484==
  # (minor) SS2: Fix action icons (under avatar) (issue 273).
  # (minor) Quick Auction House/Trade Hub preferences do not work in empty-result search page (issue 274).
  # (minor) SS2: Fix for Trade Hub features not being enabled in search result page (issue 275).

==Revision 482==
  # (minor) FS: Added current combat moves to main screen of pvp arena.

==Revision 477==
  # (Major) Quickbuff allows for quick self buffing (issue 147). Just click on the "[self]" link on the right.

==Revision 476==
  # (minor) SS2: Fix for Trade Hub navigation buttons (issue 264).

==Revision 474==
  # (Major) Quickbuff shows percentage of stamina of the player about to be buffed. (issue 271)

==Revision 472==
  # (minor) Added preview for FSBox (SSBox) and Shoutbox (issue 172).

==Revision 469==
  # (minor) Added action buttons to player profile for SS2 (issue 269)

==Revision 468==
  # (minor) Some SS2 coloring

==Revision 467==
  # (minor) Small optimization for trim

==Revision 465==
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed preferences not saving
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed guild list not refreshing
  # (minor) SS2: Fixed chat not showing

==Revision 462==
  # (minor) Corrected bug in profile.

==Revision 460==
  # (minor) Code cleanup for fast take
  # (minor) Fixed SS2 guild page, two out the three "hide" toggles work now (statistics remaining).

==Revision 458==
  # (minor) Another update for SigmaStorm quest data (issue 254).

==Revision 456==
  # (minor) Added mass message to chat box (with confirmation) (issue 245).
  # (minor) Update quest data for SigmaStorm (issue 254).
  # (minor) Added some debug code to troubleshoot issue 252.
  # (minor) Synchornised SS2 with changes in FS.

==Revision 454==
  # (minor) FS. issue 228. Added Fast take to Guild Management screen.
  # (minor) FS. issue 232. Added ability to change timer of Online Guild List Refresh (default 15s).
  # (minor) FS. Added refresh after you change preferences.

==Revision 452==
  # (minor) Fixed faction member list for SS2 (issue 247)
  # (minor) Fixed quick recall for SS2 (issue 248)
  # (minor) Fixed faction chat for SS2 (issue 249)
  # (minor) Code cleanup.

==Revision 450==
  # (minor) Added item info for mini combat log. Clicking on the item on the mouseover displays the item info
  # (minor) Fixed advisor for SS2
  # (minor) Added highlights to advisor (to show the current row)

==Revision 448==
  # (minor) Fixed level up calculator on SS2.

==Revision 445==
  # (minor) Fixed stamina (Energy) calculator for SS2.
  # (minor) Fixed mini combat log for SS2.
  # (minor) Fixed movement in PvP maps for SS2 (blindly, I haven't reached as high a level yet :))

==Revision 442==
  # (minor) Reorganisation of settings page.
  # (minor) Corrected credits links for SS2.
  # (minor) Allow chat to be order bottom-to-top, as in guild chat page, as well as top-to-bottom, as in every other chat interface (issue 203).

==Revision 440==
  # (minor) Code cleanup
  # (minor) Fixed showing quick kill in SS2
  # (minor) Sync changes from FS to SS2
  # (minor) Activated view creature in SS2 (issue 242)
  # (minor) Fixed keyboard killing in SS2 (issue 243)

==Revision 438==
  # (minor) Fixed using chat box in chat page (issue 63).

==Revision 435==
  # (minor) Added ignore to user actions (issue 241).

==Revision 433==
  # (minor) Fixed SS2 Trade Hub (Auction House) - no quick search though (issue 240).

==Revision 431==
  # (minor) Sync SigmaStorm 2

==Revision 429==
  # (Major) Auction House preferences are now inline in the main AH page - no need to set search preferences in a different page (issue 93, issue 211)
  # (minor) Moved potion list in FS to data.

==Revision 426==
  # (minor) Error handling for dropping items (issue 237).

==Revision 424==
  # (minor) FS. Fix to Arena sort and also added sorts for special and hellforge columns. issue 236.

==Revision 422==
  # (minor) Error handling for dropping items (issue 237).
  # (minor) Error handling for adding tags (issue 238).

==Revision 419==
  # (minor) FS. Added sort to PvP Arena page (Join Cost and Max Equip Level) and also did a little formatting to hopefully make it easier to read.

==Revision 417==
  # (minor) FS. Added configurable AH Quick Search. Added link on auction page and remove plant quick search (visable via AH quick search).
  # (minor) FS. Added order by to AH links on item page to automatically order by min bid as default.
  # (minor) FS. issue 171. Added Buffmaster status to quick buff screen.
  # (minor) FS. issue 55. Fixed ally/enemy counter for when you have players with the default avatar as your ally/enemy.

==Revision 414==
  # (minor) Fixed a formatting issue in SS2 Mission Manager.
  # (minor) Fixed a logging issue (writing the minute instead of the month).

==Revision 412==
  # (minor) fixed more coloring issues in SS2
  # (minor) guild store now also has colors for guild store or guild report items
  # (minor) more quest fixes for SS2

==Revision 410==
  # (minor) Fixed quest manager (mission manager) for SS2 and updated quest list.
  # (minor) Fixed coloring issues for many SS2 pages.

==Revision 408==
  # (minor) Updated quest list (issue 226)

==Revision 406==
  # (minor) Synchronized Sigma Storm Helper

==Revision 404==
  # (minor) Footprints color is now customizable from preferences (enter a named color, such as black, red, green etc or a numeric color, such as #FA321B)

==Revision 388==
  # (minor) Fix for large map movement.

==Revision 387==
  # (minor) Added function to trim strings.

==Revision 386==
  # (minor) Fix for SS2 colors.

==Revision 382==
  # (minor) r380 changes also made to sigma storm helper.

==Revision 380==
By request of HCS ... two "automation" items have been removed.
  # (minor) Script no longer does an auto repair, player must manually repair gear. issue 205
  # (minor) Script no longer allows a one click overbid, however still displays the 5% overbid value that players must type in manually. issue 206

==Revision 376==
  # (minor) Fixed casing of ToggleFootprints element id
  # (minor) Code Cleanup

==Revision 375==
  # (minor) Sync sigmastorm helper

==Revision 374==
  # (Major) New feature: Footprints. When you select the checkbox under the map, you can see where you've been (useful to track down creatures)
  # (minor) Code cleanup
  # (minor) Map is opened in a new tab when key "m" is pressed (issue 95).
  # (minor) Quickbuff is opened in a new tab.

==Revision 372==
  # (minor) Guild inventory now correctly shows guild menu on the left.

==Revision 370==
  # (minor) Added "Lead Astray" to quest list (issue 72 / issue 187).

==Revision 368==
  # (minor) More code reorganization.

==Revision 367==
  # (minor) Code reorganization, streamlined some number parsing code.

==Revision 365==
  # (minor) Fixed issue 194 - recipe manager not working.

==Revision 362==
  # (minor) issue 190. Fix for all instances where number might have more than one comma in it.

==Revision 359==
  # (minor) Kill streak damage percent rounded to 2 decimal digits (issue 163)

==Revision 357==
  # (minor) Fixed minimum raise on FSP auctions (issue 183)

==Revision 356==
  # (minor) Fixed problem with fast recall not working (issue 184)

==Revision 354==
  # (minor) Script reorganization

==Revision 352==
  # (minor) Fixed view creature bug

==Revision 350==
  # (minor) More script reorganization.
  # (minor) Fixed quest sorting (issue 179)

==Revision 345==
  # (minor) Fixed autoupdate link for Sigma Storm 2 helper.

==Revision 343==
  # (Really Major) Very first edition of Sigma Storm 2 Helper! Also some serious
reorg. This is definitely very very buggy right now, but some stuff do work.

==Revision 341==
  # (Major) Added last activity to quickbuff (issue 165)

==Revision 336==
  # (minor) issue 166. Increased high warning to 125k.
  # (minor) Fixed issue with quickbuff if target had shield imp with zero HPS.

==Revision 331==
  # (Major) Started reorganization of the whole script to split it to several smaller ones (more manageable).

==Revision 327==
  # (minor) Fix to prevent sending a message to chat multiple times.

==Revision 325==
  # (Major) Added AH search for relevant plant from inventing screen.

==Revision 320==
  # (minor) Somehow spaces got turned into funky characters on checkin.

==Revision 318==
  # (Major) Added next level calculator, based only on level gain. (issue 15)
  # (minor) Fixed error for upper "go to page" control not working in auction house (issue 144)
  # (minor) Aesthetic fix for quick kill style in the world page, when it is set to off.
  # (minor) Standardized the date formatting.

==Revision 316==
  # (minor) Bug fix for when player has a number as part of their name.

==Revision 314==
  # (minor) issue 150. Hiding buffs from quick buff window ...anything lower than 75 will be grayed, other than CA and QF.
  # (minor) issue 151. Included item name as secondary sort
  # (minor) issue 153. Fixed auctionTable mouseover  ... again.

==Revision 312==
  # (Major) issue 152. Added recipe manager along with options to hide recipes.
  # (minor) issue 153. Fixed mouseover in AH saying "auctionTable".

==Revision 310==
  # (minor) Fixed issue with drop page when no "check all" exists

==Revision 308==
  # (minor) Streamlined default initial settings.
  # (Major) Added option to hide individual quests, configurabe from preferences. Issue 105.

==Revision 308==
  # (minor) Added HTTP referred to all asynchronous XMLHTTP, so that HCS can have more correct statistics.

==Revision 306==
  # (minor) issue 146. Added option to remove instant portal from world screen.
  # (minor) issue 148. Added option to remove Quick Kill options from world screen.

==Revision 304==
  # (minor) Fixed bug if target had Summon Shield Imp on for the Quick buff menu.
  # (minor) Defaulted the links in the drop item section to on.

==Revision 302==
  # (minor) Removed the injectDropItemsAuction function and merged its functions in to injectDropItems. There was no reasons to have this split.
  # (minor) Added functionality to check all items of the same type. issue 103.
  # (minor) Fixed inventory manager if you have more than one backpack. issue 132.
  # (minor) Added indicator of the min join level you have set for you groups on the group page. issue 131.

==Revision 300==
  # (minor) Addition to credits.

==Revision 298==
  # (minor) Hunting buffs are now enabled/disabled with a checkbox, so you can keep your settings (issue 90).

==Revision 296==
  # (minor) issue 136. Fix to fury caster. Grabs the value from your profile rather than looking at the level of the Fury Shrine in your guild.
  # (minor) Set the default for the log coloring to true (because I think it is cool and I think many are missing out on this cool function).
  # (minor) Added a control to the Profile>Manage and Guild>Manage page to enable players to turn off the AH and Sell links on this page. Can't find the issue for this one though.

==Revision 294==
  # (minor) Fix for script if FS box is hidden. (issue 137)
  # (minor) Fix for quick buff if New box is hidden. (issue 138)

==Revision 292==
  # (minor) Fixed wording for administrative options help (issue 130).

==Revision 290==
  # (minor) Added option to remove "new?" box (to gain some space) (issue 123).

==Revision 288==
  # (minor) Added option to move the FSbox on the left (for higher visibility).
  # (minor) Added option to remove hunting buffs (just enter an empty value to the hunting buffs preference).

==Revision 286==
  # (minor) issue 101. Fixed it so that player should color correctly every time on the world screen ... let me know if anyone sees different.
  # (minor) issue 72. Finally fixed the quests with the double spaces? Time will tell. Let me know if anyone sees any errors.
  # (minor) issue 134. Fixed kill streak counter on world screen and tested it while hunting.

==Revision 283==
  # (minor) Fixed XSS bug on chat.

==Revision 281==
  # (minor) issue 129. Added Online status checker for top 250 players. Checks each of the guilds on the page to fetch which players are online and then adds the online icon from the guild page to the top 250 page. You have to press a button to trigger it. Takes a few seconds (5-10ish) but not too bad.

==Revision 279==
  # (minor) Fix for guild inventory if you haven't already retrieved guild data. issue 127 .

==Revision 277==
  # (minor) issue 127. Added counter of guild items to guild inventory page.
  # (minor) issue 121. Added link to wiki site to quest manager.
  # (minor) issue 120. Prevent double relic or group stats by hiding button after use.
  # (minor) issue 128. added onmouseover, forge level and craft level to the personal and guild inventory managers.

==Revision 275==
  # (minor) Fixed problem with AH paging

==Revision 273==
  # (minor) Added sorting for both inventory managers. issue 118.

==Revision 271==
  # (minor) issue 114. Added go to first and last page in AH.

==Revision 269==
  # (Major) Separated inventory manager into two parts. A personal inventory manager and a guild inventory manager. I could see that players that belong to large guilds would have issues with the way the old implementation worked. It still needs tweaks (sorts, more data, etc), but it is getting there.

==Revision 267==
  # (minor) Update for Inventory Manager. issue 116 where empty bags and bags with just potions or quest items were not being processed properly. Also fixed it so some error messages shouldn't happen erroneously.
  # (minor) Fix for the double spaces in the quest manager and links to fallenswordguide.

==Revision 265==
  # (minor) Added guild store to inventory manager.

==Revision 263==
  # (Major) New feature: Inventory Manager. Displays all items worn or in backpack with their respective bonuses (attack, defense, damage, armor)

==Revision 261==
  # (minor) issue 69. I think I might have fixed this now. It now saves your special link on the preferences page and uses it on the world page.
  # (minor) issue 102. Added link to Fallen Sword Guide.
  # (minor) issue 106. Updated code so it only checks for allies/enemies total updates when you visit the point screen. Saves a page fetch.

==Revision 257==
  # (minor) issue 100. world screen updates happen on visit to blacksmith for repairs.
  # (minor) issue 51. Fix to only check for kill streak if your imp disappears or if you have no imp and your damage bonus is less than 20%.
  # (minor) issue 49. Added forward and back arrorws to top of auction screen. Also added element to allow you to hide auction text.
  # (minor) issue 64. Added links to quest manager screen (for quests you have).
  # (minor) issue 69. Added debug messages to help fix instant portal to krul.
  # (minor) Added extra new line to the auction house screen to help avoid clicking bid link when trying to click on prev bidder name.

==Revision 255==
  # (minor) Added an icon to quest manager for missings quests, and used the option to hide completed quests.

==Revision 253==
  # (Major) New feature: Quest Manager displays all quests in one big sortable table, with levels and locations.

==Revision 251==
  # (minor) Fixed "Extinguish  the Lights" in the quest list (issue 72)

==Revision 249==
  # (minor) Added secure trade on the list of actions you can do to a player in the logs.

==Revision 247==
  # (Major) New functionality to be able to move from the map (by using the normal keyboard shortcuts)

==Revision 245==
  # (minor) Fixed potential problem with auto update using cached values
  # (minor) Fixed potential problem with alternate log (issue 26)
  # (minor) Fixed problem with ranking players with an id with less than 5 digits (issue 86)

==Revision 243==
  # (Major) Fixed problem with auto update.

==Revision 241==
  # (Major) issue 91. Bio and History editors now have preview panes as you type.

==Revision 239==
  # (minor) Crude but effective Quick Plant Search added. issue 80.

==Revision 237==
  # (minor) issue 51. Fix for DD damage bonus %. Typo.

==Revision 235==
  # (minor) issue 51. Added kill streak to the world screen if DD buff is active.
  # (minor) issue 92. Minor error on log screen if player has no guild.

==Revision 233==
  # (minor) issue 68. Counter for guild history the same as on the update bio screen.
  # (minor) issue 72. Update so that quests with double spaces will not show up incorrectly. Also fixed two quests where the name is changed from that on the screen.

==Revision 231==
  # (minor) Fixed issue 70, chat is no longer moved to the end when guild list is disabled.

==Revision 229==
  # (minor) Moved inventory manager to its own menu (not working yet).

==Revision 227==
  # (Major) issue 26. Saved combat logs are now easy to copy and process with any external program.

==Revision 225==
  # (Major) issue 69. Instant Portal to Krul button added to world screen with warning when clicked.
  # (minor) issue 84. Tidied up Fury Caster so that it doesn't add an extra call to the server.

==Revision 223==
  # (minor) Added new potions. issue 78. Will not add any more potions - hopefully customizable functionality will be done sometime.
  # (minor) Added link for Secure Trade to player on profile screen. issue 82.
  # (minor) Added Fury Caster Level to quick buff screen. issue 77.

==Revision 221==
  # (Major) issue 26. Added option to save combat logs and retrieve them from a new page.

==Revision 219==
  # (minor) issue 81. Fix for realm page when moving around the world.

==Revision 217==
  # (minor) issue 75. Fix for error shows up on login screen.

==Revision 215==
  # (minor) issue 71. Added extra space to our static list of quests to fix HCS error.
  # (minor) issue 73. Fixed error on AH preferences page.

==Revision 213==
  # (minor) Added debug flag for hiding debug messages when they are not required (meant for developers only).
  # (minor) issue 65. Fixed code so it does not run on the create auction screen.
  # (minor) issue 66. Fixed code so it does not run if playerID is not found (i.e. for blank player name). Sustain query will still run though.
  # (minor) issue 67. Added option to turn off the guild Online list as requested.
  # (minor) issue 62. Fixed the quest that was showing up incorrectly. The quest name shown by HCS has an extra space so I added one to our static list. It should no longer show up.
  # (minor) Fixed some instances of cursor setting that were specified incorrectly.

==Revision 210==
  # (Major) Removed quick kill all functionality.
  # (minor) Fixed medal guide menu.
  # (minor) Fixed quickbuff.

==Revision 209==
  # (minor) Added link for medal guide.

==Revision 207==
  # (minor) Update for issue 55. Added counter to profile screen for the number of allies/enemies you have and the total available (so you can see if you have spare ally/enemy slots you can use.

==Revision 205==
  # (minor) Made the relic defender calculator an on event item so it only calculates if you click the button. issue 54

==Revision 203==
  # (minor) Renamed "Auto Kill" to "Quick Kill", as it more properly describes the functionality - nothing auto when you have to press keys.

==Revision 200==
  # (Major) New functionality on profile page: Inventory Manager. This is a very alpha stage, it just retrieves everythin in your inventory and displays is in a long list. This is supposed to be a more organized table, with several attributes showing for each item, so you can better decide what to wear.

==Revision 197==
  # (minor) Added Wither potions to the quick search.

==Revision 195==
  # (minor) Fix for Auction House to show the craft level and forge level of the item in the AH.

==Revision 193==
  # (minor) Fix for issue 30. Removing a space next to next gain broke the fallen sword addon. So removed this previous fix to ensure that the addon still works.

==Revision 189==
  # (minor) Added note to quest book to indicate that if errors are found in the missing quests functionality to report it on the google code page.
  # (minor) Added a buff link to the chat page.
  # (minor) Added a buff, trade and reply link to the log if someone buffed you. issue 43
  # (minor) Changed the coloring on quick recall message.

==Revision 187==
  # (Major) Changed the quest book functionality so that it shows all missing quests and uncompleted quests on the same page. If the option is turned off, then the quest book shows as normal (except uncompleted quests will show location and level). issue 45

==Revision 184==
  # (minor) Shrunk down some long lines to hopefully avoid the binary problem. issue 46
  # (minor) Added coloring to the bio character checker to indicate if you go over your max allowable (red color) issue 44

==Revision 179==
  # (minor) Fix for bound items so they do not show up for AH or sell. issue 5

==Revision 177==
  # (minor) Added total bio characters to the update bio screen. issue 44

==Revision 174==
  # (minor) Updated bio counter to count carriage returns as double characters. issue 44

==Revision 171==
  # (minor) Added a character counter to the bio edit page. Also enbiggened the text area you type into. issue 44

==Revision 169==
  # (minor) Fix to layout on the world screen for missing buffs text.
  # (minor) Potential fix to hide sell and AH link for bound items.

==Revision 167==
  # (minor) Quest log now shows missing quests before the first one and after the last one. It also shows the next 10 quests for you level after the last one on the page so you can compare with the next page to see missing quests between pages. issue 42

==Revision 164==
  # (minor) Added sustain level to quick buff screen. Also changed height of the quick buff popup from the main screen menu and changed current buffs to show in 2 columns (to allow for more screen space). issue 39

==Revision 162==
  # (minor) Removed fallensword forums from the default sites the script should run on.

==Revision 159==
  # (Major) Guild Advisor is now sortable, by clicking on the columns. Click again to reverse direction (issue 40)
  # (minor) Cosmetic changes on combat log report.

==Revision 157==
  # (minor) Fixes for missing quests

==Revision 152==
  # (Major) Quest book updated to show level and location of quest. Also, if the full quest book is viewed then you can also see quests you might have missed (issue 29)

==Revision 148==
  # (minor) Fixed bug in auction code that raised error if there were no unended auctions on the auction page.

==Revision 148==
  # (minor) Apparently KE is included in the profile attack value so no need to calculate for it. Creature evaluator is complete, just needs testing now. issue 3

==Revision 146==
  # (minor) Fixed bug in the creature evaluator when more than one buff was active (issue 3)

==Revision 144==
  # (minor) More updates to the creature evaluator (CA) ... just KE to go (issue 3)

==Revision 142==
  # (minor) More updates to the creature evaluator (DD and HF) ... just CA and KE to go (issue 3)

==Revision 139==
  # (minor) Fixed error with relic calculator. Issue 37
  # (minor) More updates to the creature evaluator ... just DD, CA and HF to go (issue 3)

==Revision 137==
  # (Major) Displays calculated one-hit damage required into "View Creature" mousover (issue 35)

==Revision 135==
  # (minor) A bit of browser detection for preferences help.

==Revision 134==
  # (minor) Converted getServer and getImageServer into properties.

==Revision 132==
  # (Major) Inserted character statistics into quick buffs window
  # (minor) Formatted buff list into a table.

==Revision 130==
  # (minor) Streamlined more settings.

==Revision 127==
  # (minor) Added code to fetch buffs to creature evaluation section (issue 3)

==Revision 125==
  # (minor) Fix to quick buff for Shield Imp.
  # (minor) Initial pass at creature evaluation. Ran out of time so checked in what I have done so far (issue 3)
  # (minor) Added note to mouseover for what doesn't work for FF2.

==Revision 123==
  # (Major) added list of buffs the player already has to the bottom of the screen. It is not formatted well, but it is there. Also colored any skills at level 10 or less gray. Any skills the target player already has are green (issue 31)
  # (minor) fixed the calculation for the number of relics held by the defending guild (issue 32)
  # (minor) added a fix for an error I saw (straight return on error), and also removed a duplicate line in the script (didn't cause error, was just duplicate).

==Revision 121==
  # (minor) Optimization for "View Creature" mouseover - don't use when in "kill all" mode.

==Revision 118 changes==
  # (minor) Removed debug code.

==Revision 116 changes==
  # (Major) Mouseover the "View Creature" button displays the data that would be retrieved from that page.
  # (minor) Settings are now properly initialized, in a function instead of relying to variable naming.
  # (minor) Cleanup of findNode function.

==Revision 109 changes==
  # (Major) More visible combat log (can disable it) that is displayed under the monster list. Use page up and page down to scroll combat log.
  # (minor) Removed links to search and sell in auction house from guild locked items (issue 5) - bound quest items remain (I don't have any to test)

==Revision 107 changes==
  # (minor) More information on the combat report mouseover: Chance buffs activated, level up or down message.

==Revision 105 changes==
  # (minor) Bugfix for hunting buffs list

==Revision 102 changes==
  # (minor) Bugfix for fast recall message not showing

==Revision 100 changes==
  # (Major) Hunting buffs list is now customizable (from Character > Preferences)
  # (minor) Cleaned up and streamlined help link ("[?]") code

==Revision 97 changes==
  # (Major) Fix for issue 25, hover your mouse over the battle result to see a hit by hit combat report
  # (minor) Preemptive cleanup for FF3 possible issue (using non-unique html element ids)

==Revision 95 changes==
  # (minor) Fast recall was not writing return message correctly

==Revision 93 changes==
  # (minor) Fix for recall item not working in Firefox 3
  # (minor) Fix for showing that item recall was successful, when it wasn't. Now the info message is displayed.

==Revision 90 changes==
  # (minor) Some special characters were not displayed properly. One was rogue and was eliminated, the other one I escape in the text, so it should work now (issue 17).

==Revision 88 changes==
  # (minor) A level for one quick potion was 0 (issue 21)

==Revision 84 changes==
  # (minor) Removed border for avatar in profile (issue 16).

==Revision 82 changes==
  # (minor) Removed option to message yourself in the guild list.

==Revision 79 changes==
  # (minor) Fixed a link for the "Join all" button in profile page

==Revision 77 changes==
  # (Major) Added warning message to marketplace if you try and buy FSP for less than 100k or more than 110k
  # (minor) Added debug messages for recall item functionality as people with FF3 were having trouble with it
  # (minor) Added commas to the overbid value shown in AH (just to make it easier to read)

==Revision 75 changes==
  # (Major) Preliminary work for custom potion list
  # (minor) Fixed issue 2. Now control, alt and meta (Mac's Command) keys are not handled. Extra feature: now you can even copy stuff from the page
  # (minor) Fixed issue 20. Guilds are only searched in profile page, not recruits.

==Revision 73 changes==
  # (minor) Centralize server discovery into a function.

==Revision 70 changes==
  # (minor) Presentation clean-up. Several colors changes to be more consistent with the web site itself (and be more eye-friendly)

==Revision 68 changes==
  # (minor) Version check and update are now done completely from code.google.com. Userscripts.org will only be kept as discovery point, new versions should only appear here

==Revision 66 changes==
  # (minor) Re-added website information to credits
  # (minor) Changed default location for auto update (I have also changed userscripts.org to reflect this)

==Revision 64 changes==
  # (minor) Added a button to fetch group stats rather than calculating them every time.
  # (minor) Colored the group leader green if they were online.

==Revision 60 changes==
  # (minor) Fixed some minor typos
  # (minor) Added text to world summary when auto kill is running to notify you if a shield imp got killed by that particular monster issue 7.
  # (minor) Added a row to the log coloring to make it look a little nicer (well I think it does)

==Revision 48 changes==
  # (Major) Script updated to work for any server at fallensword.com. If you installed the script prior to this version you will need to add *{{{http://*.fallensword.com/*}}}* to your list of included sites.
  # (Major) Quick Potion Search function added to auction screen that puts one click links for searching for popular higher level potions.
  # (Major) Auction one click bid and buyout functionality added. You can now bid on or buyout an item with one click. Also, if there is already a bid, there is a link to outbid by 5% (also one click).
  # (minor) Minor change to the check for update script to try and fix the issue. Please consider the update functionality to not be working and check for updates manually until you hear differently.
  # (minor) Removed the log widgets from the sent items screen (adding trade link to player names).
  # (minor) Enabled auction functionality for search results (this wasn't working previously).
  # (minor) Removed a space from the stamina mouseover to make it look prettier.

==Revision 47 changes==
  # (minor) Fix to item coloring where sometimes the item was not colored correctly.

==Revision 46 changes==
  # (Major) Kill all monsters functionality updated to include kill single and kill type of monster.
  # (minor) Change to how often the auto update code checks for update.
  # (minor) Change to how missing buffs list is displayed.
  # (minor) Minor change for how pages are retrieved
  # (minor) Fix to the hide completed quest function (was missing one uncompleted quest)
  # (minor) Small fix to Chat from world function.
  # (minor) Error fix for FF2 for the group stats calculation function

==Revision 45 changes==
  # (Major) Added widgets to guild log chat to diminish recall messages not associated with self.
  # (Major) Change hide guild logic to use X similar to how they work on the profile screen.
  # (Major) Added fast recall function to guild>report page to recall items without a page refresh.
  # (minor) Fix to errors on relic stats page.
  # (minor) Update to buff warning to put it in a better location and make it more user friendly.
  # (minor) Fix to kill all monsters toggle from world.
  # (minor) Minor color fixes on guild list.

==Revision 44==
  # (Major) Chat box is now fully functional, you can send text to the guild chat.
  # (minor) Key handling routine is disabled on the page and replicated inside the script.
  # (minor) "0" key works on any screen, effectively either going back to the "world" page or refreshing it.

==Revision 43==
  # (minor) Bugfix for credits

==Revision 42==
  # (minor) Change chat box color each time new messages appear

==Revision 41==
  # (Major) Chat box displays last 10 (configurable) messages from guild chat (readonly).
  # (Major) Stamina calculator displays estimated time for when stamina will be full.
  # (minor) Tightened up guild list (to make room for chat box)
  # (minor) Added developer credits and website

==Revision 40==
  # (minor) Bugfix for using only own guild settings for all other cases (friendly, past, enemy)

==Revision 39==
  # (Major) Customizable messages and colors for different guild types (self, friendly, past and enemy)
  # (minor) Cleanup preferences mouseover help

==Revision 38==
  # (Major) Questbook to show only completed quests, with automatic retrieval of all pages.
  # (Major) Coloring of messages for chat, log and guild log.
  # (Major) Added link to message logs to trade with player that sent the message.
  # (Major) Relic calculcator additions to display relic defenders total attributes.
  # (minor) Fixes for Imp Shield calculator
  # (minor) Code cleanup.

==Revision 37==
  # (Major) Relic calculator additions
  # (Major) Special handling for Panic guild in relic defenders.
  # (Major) Combat group statistics updates.
  # (minor) Combat group statistics now include mercenaries.

==Revision 36==
  # (Major) Combat groups display level of leader
  # (minor) Caching of member names and ids in lookup array

==Revision 35==
  # (Major) Auto kill is enabled or disabled form the world page.
  # (Major) Relic calculator additions
  # (Major) Fixes for autokill when no kill is made. Incorporation of any information box data.
  # (Major) Added button to message user in guild members list
  # (minor) Cleanup findNode code.
  # (minor) Cleanup preferences page.
  # (minor) Only hide banner if banner exists.

==Revision 34==
  # (minor) Bugfix for auto update
  # (minor) Cleanup ajax calls

==Revision 33==
  # (minor) Relic calculator streamlining
  # (minor) Page dispatcher (onPageLoad) bugfixes

==Revision 32==
  # (Major) Add links to the drop items pages to immediately sell item in Auction House
  # (Major) Check if hunting buffs are on and display message if not.
  # (Major) Option to hide banner.
  # (Major) Option to hide extra guild info.
  # (Major) Option to hide guild avatar (logo).
  # (minor) Addition to autokill to parse negative (defeat) values.
  # (minor) Guild member list cleanup
  # (minor) Cleanup preferences page.
  # (minor) Cleanup drop items page.

==Revision 31==
  # (Major) Combat group statistics are automatically displayed on Groups page.
  # (minor) Code reorganization

==Revision 30==
  # (minor) Guild member list was always displayed as refreshed

==Revision 29==
  # (minor) Debug code cleanup

==Revision 28==
  # (Major) Auction house now displays item craft and hellforge attributes
  # (minor) Detect image server in one point

==Revision 27==
  # (Major) Added fallensword.com (sans www) to domains where FSH works
  # (Major) Auto repair each time there's more than one kill.
  # (Major) Display looted item if there's one in autokill.
  # (Major) Show online members in the report (recall) page.
  # (Major) Show links in the drop items page to search item in Auction House.
  # (minor) Item coloring is now optional (in drop items page)
  # (minor) The player is displayed in green in the guild members list.
  # (minor) Cleanup all document.evaluate methods to two functions, findNode and findNodes.
  # (minor) Cleanup page dispatcher to incorporate subcommands for all pages

==Revision 26==
  # (minor) removed debug code

==Revision 25==
  # (minor) removed debug code for auto update

==Revision 24==
  # (Major) Auto update functionality
  # (Major) Auto kill monsters (optionally) each time you move in the map. Up to 8 monsters can be killed (all that fits in one page), and only standard monsters (no elite, champion etc)

==Revision 23==
  # (Major) Insert link to guild bank in standard bank.
  # (minor) Cosmetic updates in guild member list
  # (minor) Cache item descriptions (for drop item page).
  # (minor) Streamline retrieving object data from GM variables
  # (minor) Removed repair all items and go to map links from profile page (redundant)
  # (minor) Proper initialization of guild relationship categories.

==Revision 22==
  # (minor) Bugfix for guild member list refreshing

==Revision 21==
  # (minor) Bugfix for guild member list refreshing

==Revision 20==
  # (minor) Bugfix for guild member list refreshing

==Revision 19==
  # (minor) Cosmetic bugfix for guild member list (there's no color named whitLe)

==Revision 18==
  # (Major) Re-added extra link buttons to profile page
  # (minor) Streamlined page dispatcher
  # (minor) Cosmetic updates in guild members list
  # (minor) Guild names are now more robust in parsing

==Revision 17==
  # (Major) Removed extra link buttons from profile page

==Revision 16==
  # (minor) Added numbers to guild members list
  # (minor) Re-added extra link buttons to profile page
  # (minor) Re-added administrative options

==Revision 15==
  # (Major) Cache guild member list (15 seconds) to prevent hitting the server too often.
  # (Major) When guild member list is really refreshed, change the color to a lighter one.

==Revision 14==
  # (minor) Cleanup code

==Revision 13==
  # (minor) Cleanup guild member list code
  # (minor) Removed extra link buttons from profile page

==Revision 12==
===First published version===
  # (Major) When viewing the profile of a user, the name color changes to reflect their guild relationship with your own, green for your own guild, yellow for friendly guilds and gray for enemy guilds.
  # (Major) Displays a list of all members of the guild that are currently online, when at the world or chat pages. You can directly buff a player from that list.
  # (Major) Extra link buttons to profile page (Fallen Sword Buffing greasemonkey script)
  # (Major) Extra link buttons for administrative options (for ranking)
  # (Major) When you try to dispose of an item, it retrieves data from the server to find out about the item color, and paints the text of the item with that color. This makes it easy to get rid of e.g. all white (common) items.
  # (Major) Preferences page to setup guild names

==Revision 11 and older==
  # (Major) Creation of the code.google.com project site.