#labels Featured
= Frequently Asked Questions =

Q: How does quick kill work?

A: It's quite easy. When "single" is selected, keys 1-8 on the keyboard kill creatures without displaying a different page. The battle result is displayed in place, and details are displayed when you mouse over the result. When you select "type", this works the same as "single", except that all creatures of the same name (out of the 8 creatures displayed, of course) are also killed.
----
Q: What are the numbers in parentheses at the right of the gold gained? (e.g. "XP:123 Gold:91 (23)")

A: This is the guild tax, the money that goes to the guild.
----
Q: Can you auto repair after all kills?

A: After killing a screenful of monsters, repair is already automatically (and silently) called. Note that because AJAX is asynchronous (that is, I make the call to the page that kills the monster, but I don't wait until the monster is killed), there's no guarantee that the repair will really occur after all the kills.
This is the same for single and type settings. It should repair after each single or each type has completed.
----
Q: What do the colors on the guild members list mean?

A: White is for normal. Dark orange means the member has just logged in. Gold denotes yourself (to find yourself easily and e.g. buff yourself)
----
Q: I installed the latest update and nothing is working any more!

A: Some times there are issues with caching. I would suggest removing FSH (or SSH), clearing Firefox's cache, and reinstalling FSH/SSH.
  * To uninstall a script, right click on the greasemonkey icon and select "Manage User Scripts...". Select !FallenSwordHelper (or !SigmaStormHelper on the left and click "Uninstall" ("Also uninstall associated preferences" should NOT be checked, or you're going to lose any preferences you have selected).
  * To clear the cache, select "Tools > Clear Private Data..." from Firefox's menu, check only "Cache" and click on "Clear Private Data Now".
  * To reinstall the script, just go click [http://fallenswordhelper.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/fallenswordhelper.user.js here], after you're done with the other steps.
----
Q: It's not working at all, and I've uninstalled and reinstalled it.

A: Perhaps you've clicked on the Greasemonkey icon on the statusbar by mistake. When Greasemonkey is working, the icon is a brown smiling monkey, and if you mouseover it, it says "Greasemonkey is enabled". When it's not wokring, the icon is a gray frowning monkey, and if you mouseover it, it says "Greasemonkey is disabled". To switch between enabled and disabled, just click (left-click) on it once.